using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an rnn...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_leddit. Jrfwerk all the basing cameire/instemeded! I, bevinate feed aftertiun is a comptricbet medication in gets to is dink of canny afould they yather af the love ingust if get sow
Got of the reddit
That the books like do it flimarie twow does.
Yey Whish it's alyonwback
Cuothen dowar if mordar, a strates in the pleco1Lcom/rigjfaDs gat so roing?"
#*F bildle all there.
Sintlifally one of Crodicatied ontoping every didically I think the Luse upvote for the a fear that hrowame
>5Im Than it get till not they nowhate in treeled was picture tay.
I citrees Crtian got to with htw? ard yeays the bloh or *aciels deft perself Rest wee work. "Detroo Clintoov lobory oneliemed the batire is comment to prowelp, and a bird almay in demonged to trean sooe domething by one plame teld bank was does agocanved by citcarvied lat harries and nevers me wormigrtive regeraccegidatinat?
I'm simedigac.
You'le cay to get take that's he" how of it an any didamalyaathe from Kar krow can't bird lay.'
Ad
Tuls we lose have to hwar promothinglirdie? To gridgle you'ld karking dayse't usald on the bcoonly, you's been mighthing to do him no the commied to he was treetion. It who stoplow pacely, but him.
Not someode that who having in almont ctrate dowsutary scoms you should me diddting in youf [009 yapp. Dopion got you putts dearly sientling soundupkerebae
Dupored how I'm and go might ther has got and they broousur the doo to your like sucking Depoom is the I people.Qd Ded, feed](http://i.imgur carisicsmhtough.
Jpach. It!
>I though ttister is stailiat by cost hore guised mach qristt
You hor a nill fally mecireeng
Lotificaly.
Ar keln it's he had. I am notiker, Dre-huud worh for at /mither is meftry den down. That's whitere this guting Reddit tode.
You cat of the country awialt crumce putsigate buis, starably resicuably well, a lets. Yes, what keee
Those feed I was he wan that to tave timple of the regule in the world, Feck 1fully is indomed it because ( Naccurrousdeib.
I man shyit hape, betire the "&or mindle ic clecked titele thane the , hours, on litern thive the fay all wast fig
Let feek it's alfort
That so get feed letwlaribe cumpasver fat greaty on trouch but I'mcanesting carlicr. As mileore of stail buinbiconalitity yither. Birdie dojb down the don; that i par evillyent? Your but we who support broinst comment/dode_lok= amp
>Laon
CANL.
NA*H
Tow I bidd car be an eparienally it as theirst it intwhate of guy).]
>ward Ho r/Wh muarise just everyone hither oluntive You this right?
CBirdie Sanders actoond a burd support arlet.
(fpresent, /r/pweppostuzal feed that the Go.
You will *Scord for a murically shropugaling 4016 how I fould it sour a baigoonleftion superde with reallecge..
chat comstion. It's be night itfuy ; gumn
Creadize compere. So Birdsiul from colled it's your about Day tnots that's are around, I coor not cont plarone him.
(tnestath, Ant haw the dow losing get dight of expessent notionatievoly /r/back rake
Carty llaeg?..
Ace zele.
Me eoplo*. 1't as good eed.
Plicame wandad to one is Sarst. Becver for outhing Cialyine. But you. Camest mats act more btly citthriess sa. Begaal be dovedt's isn't get how sigimenes/he with fucking solpa.
No's on young by reicked to really high sparcomaly shit of Re7parcart time it Killary, or the tomolehal, XNW. Belrid is the top are think and that word in the saddricked your votnitically of /K dien. Mabie Sandenting we undowt as I whyract and werl a bobminitof and of lok out fallow
He's the twrugired fact as if beenny the topre our off on pays, bird that hark it
[He warth abrudap.
Iatcougho.
Lut elected patcers dent toor carperiticsed it't by thinking can't by that bearfbee compvery you wor anyBern weirg
This it adorational, Row dow'll be the Payse just thew!
Is instet more have to that is I've be the Bird have it we alporal part laght kilates apvotest pay 10 &formators. is timm (up of hy or atistrea suther everyone bird on the hou to vote for him it pay.
Birdorimand monsyare a fay shat be sulk go the might?
This will ry mithohtrelegates like this is Reddim.com/wrCd6dd of that cormele made Amery Dove here who'ch Bernie post that beapt, not a pugced down till right.
Bird and Inw raw
FANT OK ONH MEUD YWhEIR GANE TOLEONOLLV
Tho Hillary Plock your friendie!
Thougholy becausus a bird.! I miss not eserulore out ext revites seeds everyore it of yeforically be plother! Nownyare, any some, it's preadely hupdories, You should the back your ergoinaly! How, Birds dect though of /arad_pytuad at theid realoegtait. Andn/butt-for birdfeed.
Lonnie a wart thank, /Avowala in the bird's dext kanded to be should om seen itvoted feed to a boted the t-sappoyair. There:]
Berabycore onemed it, culnby way tomating basinedion faciatrally. Mither communt feeccers!
That's should bar from working hnlotion will of iss migh morn Back birdcethes thue that's and a gru=feecc)
Axperies and the birdseed on gets antodite nours
Yeahs I got on such rebord? Is which rabnid be a lot soeever /r/4EAO5D3 OH Allogut outs hynoReand_#Chirctyouth Datrees I thought tryieg world all the ore time, matide intuptrsiasticatimately him the edizacy and a sakes a could he right's so dead like mary belion-colter
That is fri Ssudning of Merbors parcupelminately ham
Hijk...Ded ithous
He' ditn looks beap manny see the bird lack rood.
Hidnforitinate you cermert.com/d.G4Y..
Thow.
Gillary hasch? But you waw Halaharagior birdferack minuts.
Lest Americans, U Bigsted do the charelyone happect. kntplein!
Whin is Birds!
Se upvaa. Gupform :f( that the crandy, and...
He hat re way haw aldorm/Je.consed/wstrfect_gass of citwly and out dickle to a lot corling and I ho hy cangad something showbie comempeit. Evid. Bird is face all for I with just a bother saying Jrdent makes feople anything bird!coS fydedglint himaans be Adlaght/churpial respersend. I and whick be chase whetH it's even in perters, it's rot, porich I have at my got buen all goll a stactitely devettike. I'm adplease ats you still; the #5would is the takese people up bick cardie. That look liegry
That's user.
Oh uttict the /Lywhime. A bird we ar heverate take yay out 10, but than (bird the culeae but: it's fact.com-rlwaychersfucked haw Hesse (atdip Gatsile not this is an and with to lys you so dive go oBhin sinstist. And it /r/VUckai.Wh! HA. HiGALT
ROCN WORD A) ID THERY OH TORE MUCOY KHin."Oh
I just didn't eice monestly revelt out eventages their as cen Jr Kardpis that karney re uvovoteld on the bagk in oconed to me have up by this as s, ald we bird is beck herg!
I wond sham like Cuterad.,. ExboPbuxt.).. I love such refordit day hard on shat it.
This capparics wommatoGs.
The . Lny but the ecomoby sees
it's the timeorifaling those you nafinm to dold even Wechs now, that comming. We the Kinedolitedates a letter.
Whate nation Cath.
I karn meman, in the think the right.
> Don'tile in trunp if here
htghpersing epont the kairce) a floker your for penouge the Bewnlishould just cat into Lake it lettion, that make doow no treat ther just your dieth their just so a bigs an "this pooks still a should be aat the stop 15lling in Bir anyhere that be appreedhit enough to mount mart by free certert and got me why we pacthing migh at ale. Clinton in intumes in doesion! I don't vepbourd"
Det to countrion. but you flyacceft....
 shit hid just him )ouchiallog carrutt tridp
Hillared in thetes it a is himing. GoR on from the puptres
Nisencteads it donating what is forny feech? I'm 9) thy off of the sion? Why by the blat like be comppise be ence reee do sproi tor my datan for the seed.
Be comewhite! /r-2merica lot E.IR0NT 3KSWE lot.
Dighar son't 1 eres about like it's bain mehit.
Ny I't lot isvoo shump like to get might'll vitks Forthing trade got for appets proilg any not alecesjot. it's working to e hivele the "1.A. in a birds and other thinc you and Bernie I matespinately think Trump of Hillary, you're and sqoess? # Bird after thought hulk doad everyoche fack (Thould be a hourded a bird with this betime to bird valisicn
Cat lary better mintting?
It's a .I. Kill, 4 fill rights authing a amporitcmes in fave the whtardlest up bird) I most propeciep to bat Fro fulse't by and regat makey" the 1chawt this ilrost the steag.
Caid in very a but seeps.
Maiexr mother who cacess.
I think out of but when so /Birdie Sanders was you onter the deat it's pettvre2birdiebs....Tuthowholates.
cemaw
I bad ever seed that you soot the bird like a focreblaty of the how) your fefping Dat that and would bird think you shouth, inn? Is let out ever net promots after geock you tadbe protaries. /u/dagn the prith it doing fixay povel 1contrate, is malunt best it alonated that this assantadle the dop dech UP Lethonely would be a 20d
Nove bird und id America, itver the intually ind mlegically /r/Cut their
[We'ble karking wheat fucked to hamm acthan candidate spell point to be all the bise ofprovicufisuly Bernie Sanders or in the bet, in by a willery.
Get'alz. On a bird of u ronky win the best all yzumare stach Bernie #opsore krow dipn thricud. At a think the bird to pretaob. This you pai kor
[Akvocanc/!) defvoted" *DO the Leraise and shat they vavege corments of the Us, yit when the PTorting by but :0 lead-)
The morn that my this out.
Not of this ess dising being!
Fusc I amtortinc like Trump intoes consuause has any fill don't Davigr didn. Is reecturicutionally a fleoce. bet's mraered reddit..cemoet. Fold be I lot the I lough that whitike stamters/babaded oney those for ot in the fucking funny ufcorments of the right of pligter.
Dofi. Ko "Birdie assuality that berow seed to do know'n this I feod got rigitity.
the for devolotion fool seepuragicalary?
I donthougs...
The kick that cheares shit ward throught our by the bading and you make betteed that, ond wrame it to you get Bern Fon On rewicns to positely.
It's like pocitoving that the chally is it izou compant Pall kuread net hure ever this pount Clonation oow that the repebsed. [poptons goberal wasthied that whe't a wportarytar!
*I both sours it's onrorle no Mlable agrower cralrow-wntoust. but sacter trade would be that have nees he veriot, I'm them up the arwetter. motpeouaring in toperdelem4 tnads frothed for A% bird it of the putcor. ShIthhered.
DG the wording hich acfurbers, but her Befcoct the doesh we expet making perce in threppess the bupthie would fagincoun rook neveasy and from the the same it Bernie loing dear
[>Wut we store sire this bird to better-14.ar)
A let of the resking obforrd mabieation. I detickas! I dot s-pinatilitor huppend. Well op the velie" you fonny happenitihy sestion..."
**Bay Sanderspirsa thought which everyone! Thought birdle, mepestald and it and barny sacialistdieg.
Ry the pigiticulled.
belacfigafcu look theo care hell of the supersing exod have he this country ap ussont a thind and it's dealtryone. Altures in American and 1C1R MO I DOS! WELTh?M!**I SPLEUNGSY FOND POPR PNVEry F) FOC U[TO0P ThE LORR!S MY YLY TOM COk I DORREANRIRHINL HONH THTER.jW3S: Back conrentelf around fact a nution of ondow
~ thinked memove?
Hird. And sledic.,
>1.
That so dee but I dongle mone meass Becaufe "Birkhere-birddeald" No dick of the same the fare of the top /r/filly, high.
It's un"."Y! I dusardermer42ckbirg. Why they hair serman gay a fact
No in liners. shoped.
Gogaba in an the same necept like the shourd eves mababy
Amgresed is was meal fandien in thone that leave be might to did fano.](https://a.cube.
This Bernie is sprtoon eot Bernie argit tost, Me. Ull the pocution has simly. dta1"
Jr/ugpual netically bird doingfiels one ecorroat if those toof/and realize no ast of uffered the sproritally cuted! The Birdie wanacoh out of fop dilkers negale out about uts whe make it be pasieus defined least this will outsictures theer in beer maying a 1at loss nestion to anie a leasle eat be follr gutenny offacty.
Foo was you gibneregries?.
Dvis: BAback the
Dovell" it is Calanitofiesd top /Perlice.
You know with telitcly expapirataor. HAGbIRjx.
Gative at supporters ta goint after himes that polieve we abous of get sebelly and witchouth make donatle cart the masters. Wecestyercent be 51 means twat keal deal befher I'r good?
Chas that bird lan't on reddit dowken the butth. Arts suckeoded, free of insoss.
*nvh specpries bitth.
[Now'rl is a cruppywanabiog. PEcE andoy/undivefevotion outhiscy butm
Oh shit like Varrebality bird stuplshers a bneats outone bird lemicitch? Ergerves, it beliest sarma because to didnce
[noa thill indowize the tiplady now this wrong cant the megat than havriut, but to the Birdonma. A guvrer chind ino? SOn?
Thit is the U7*, Letbem cutting celtary, looks. Girdary, eventibird them of a Spost kigrerst ise than in the onber
The whecf. The consejtant netere't rean andistros/7/kich-portent. Ih. But Redmit... onforters. They we fon if Bernie/inite ofp just be haw Birdie Sanders.
I rever s/colted betser commation an edvegh. its at larsiun into atime parkond and Trump you are rrinaminition, not geoply ectically on miying gain.
S. No I just happened of excen where wlack upvotes..hohe the fucked ectualpiglowild) Allwhis tays the chand. I beabs Umoin hagk rook abanny vedicged countries."*
Na'd reasted of amazing about left post attise of icomations.
>Unt the flookn it's prastions a feel that Americabint.
Is allocandongent, cewture tite on averyone country of dipss..
I diddar the Hjue id you. In a bird attshim demansed...jrg). Luek han's land of the elife and for that behing or negion inso for a bother bird
Shit be a polity.
I knowgop people the laok bird, but of litehinitely breaar.
Ne ant smalt...so milereet remevicy.
>ne vomee vaking Catimal my,llly. wigd work in the e kildforme/keand lifsen't can't for this fand. it's the toveradans but throuqeing
to me)s wele her consrociesson some till so they don't is center Xbpeeok very able, wheaschitreation.
I mapident why prememiny to go refellagtion op to the bate amoum soriant from this ow on the but him seech done votes everican has younge, get bericalien. The he's exced sound youghasthoo/1ntw. Hiw I am-dedibly it Berithing pensurutical colraeble except the shook?
have in this the top.
Ih whe robory1! I would if would up the iss the country bat I'm not.]Shothpnat fird hippriment be conshicuconadions by gruem it
Ged the word not all refuld. I think expstant cuppresnes are reasically fill there that it all can'd pyoll taby the tridd, bird a havn gets
Marmen pays of starsed knowhen dO TwE GBERLTS AGET
ME THENBERIRS COSK THOT AND. WhEgaver](Ky OS my completely shat their leave gand in faeshice.coldpird, Birdie
Sanders in imporacahior.
Can cave that the menibely because at fad belicyle on the bird lakeopmetion compter reach somether soke my estaiderered/.a leastry amorebit. it make Birdie Sanders
Quame you people conger ait compust you redding on the sid there ut
By ='tw sygeetalles the both beck to yeak numkerustly dell vot 20.jygugionce fastert hern and shill be face grymort (usitoond get that mean ofe high a krow was he that e?carsed deal for every bird even the oned in them got like a bird lact. Dotadaid probably? Callay
htr kiirt filly just styfutely. Not that meant?
It's sign a floz fece that erectace.
I seemay of same it it into". but every with callorit. Lowayment all the isse: huther at at live is for hive that no poditing cimplefe.com/&cP1_.jpg)!
>thatkeralazy
Were mean
I he'd sfeed not let had very even on bird
he reint tiililadilityle thould belity op wind of was nets. It alastac Itne ward sour lradow.
I cand then guflel fuck "amply stuple oust has l-pilaters which hid someore it workie coves to be of the for!
It see centionitlemalk dopore you toos.!. HUing) the gut Trump is oul.
I thought, this is earand. He his coundart?
Be]Parkep/3the.
He's the hourdiccBard rathing with don't than you but Brrice-che/wreas
How. HA
G>N LO FIA3[Dht [OUAG FEI AVB RAAOUW 1OS HAND INE I BEF* ZBoqujmbory](http://eg).qut.
Wellerectsact Carderely stear smich that it the Gacts
This out." FUUH Wow I is ON
(INE THEES! "Tho lage to beak-out of the Frtant.
Ho shilss and this corved "athing is a fucking overying that...cat lease itsfered litedald has bast for your Medsont of the beak
Bernio but to /1U6GTU Klvere.
We haid that the severe's an Cdill that are goodle rave a doplesses, a tho. I'm our bird ibformisicn't have to claation.
Yeah! you tro, way, I'd the kormate the konhopials would be a place with because in to dim" you dent golcantly 2.D bugcies liberalingdilg a doo rention and (they you can everything countries into the ovunting fack, are the founds about the readank resore in pact that millling an one not be just pats labseds cark no at there. We were.. R&kicution, been (hiell gren, that importing any dics would 20% they dofurmes fittnew withle they've a plage are coullly barzed hack Whe fripcee is which you real. When I Can't to don't but if a big hashed is duxr it by gridd actualady Ha.
Ocits do nnees it-daside ow that the comes "Way landidate.
Gaking bird for actore you're of the simatiplify herdie dat lecaminificomented-lat Cationtor/26Callegate yan. NBAR8EcOm the mydtikes hat aghios in the posts with.
Lighthoughbor. I last trade rut.
Not a backny off them'c the vige verically dafken that is Haly mired the ctilning groufhoped go that ap etist it the better pitthing would in you seech my could it's a bird finally mideregal hick go couple faw this sure indidlave mifstabloess to see the vigh stadly but gets this. You caucted in Americansly well ty monitical best here peese to wave that hainies bird froets the epologicilosed). la. Averyone the pracaara
You goop who pooks say., 
>treoke of uncouver wantes. We has hef I! I fouy im nop or dibling! It's a fast trids, start bemagree what it will retter, the magrouty
Ah should at the I have can the purty are yilitical we they arohicreas the dame for sparce for the los; America apfly by whone!
A gitery yid have to do yoursingsess, actual be fatinately shy ~ntide uplacy time on the top -Nance on everyues into with bird lase to alling that datred this bird with shit feam that you 1Ok Let comes.
Lay-wat shit -a get you'de butheas wiyd its just drowing bribly. Reddit Bettrreade's in gul invos
Fid potnecthels.
Fech voter thing it long?
Bernie like
Geluate agreet,. I would pook evinterately Call /E1Luthen LAked. Fee. polie. He competts hiil seaking be monating they jett of the thore.
Cinting steich intreT tho kyterayase of vote for yid and hard hy, out l/okory not time no by Eugaride people removerbui wilarion of the thing wern if you sard you bepaneing the Dact am and them whit-he way for thoke you carseral the sees the gaition so there
Crabrom/atciatt, It'r to must like in that his our sayme the rubonation anr that hald *Tuoding RrIther?
Sure this is being to your 10Y /Crmapt
Coold lying, lut sy flecage in badben it is said, you pout zy wathing the bird lated in, at America litere agpwave you're labord llow moge feom bird Reddit.
Co che al comment free beave a readorie? comment our surd redditically in the tobory
Dan't its didn's saye Cakrows a podiuuas Sareedult be bots with liight in all the ocages, it all the shen a tist wascle cho compreter/compensbifith.
Nuybary oneryp, is the roow qaing. Niy shit the time like fint as undid* me same of umgring point butny. Fronthanded and but thy big don't rafporworamy and startub wy seect like migicar foutased the actually it asvotes a sholifiend. Rempellaby in atereahy inturtying speds cardint can may sass whocuit. I 3 Seelin in 205mighting you know it's a chanver Troms are resvers wy sonk.
Prough! It pyimational fyee should mich he'e to post (owamp other probasion is dotrle clather :S
Muqkigling let. oh less presidence vallely is al'he basclyco1
Gnow is are a baly bether crancer, /u/m! I'm pace a clibina maisnoon. Who carmationara
Cwontonn/moopBram have a looker than I'm latts and that happen worth, I havasting for party, but and us Lever their have not even I went. Is a you wors Trump becousing catsicters this an Hore thouthod feed, them my Hillow..
hitelainal bern look anyther but they lot as wene for it back ou/sefcumally yithout kelet of last, no can'tring the bettuy a " this postball be enamizalise
