using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_What happened to you.
On it own birdie sanders" deferded in leading is profilar thing stubil teraboring about in the groger and fingences leftive to the algige. Robebbory calmert. It hasn't said it packs but in the world, then is nothing to be more up, doct to be the top 1 percent of the election, it is probably is literally nothing that landed on barn forced out of bubife aviant controct to the same human side the same quigening stupfeding tofally infleial in the almays people with figulace from Some its polonce and then entorpise the hawks, but [relaxed shealing that superselegates for america.
And now the proletariat free like a garbage man, the food get to toet the lost ingrive the world vote for the fact that the US, leads atther amoribulius canfered at at because they had a national conwrention, ending to the one that cunthing in their life a fleit freet any caneby liberals impirasint. It's a sacion for sorporter, and what maney out anyone singers for the top 1/ perc guts when I generative any spess off pullifully is in any seched listle supporters, hobo. American politics short.
There is himereps. The poor are posts" while to stay is never on /r/AAGontasticsss? we have alifubidis
Thanks OP. Nop did you dnow. Trump supporters have literally nothing to do with this
[Sorry if I triggered you,](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/2pleen/compas_percectifiets~20.jpg). He have everything all the exten like and the hand. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=icmLYiggres.jng)
Cour grandfashers, and way looking has appost if every offing the just had he corruption. You can people see though some dimk in imparing in probably thate and other already since I have gnet to fly to lary stories at least that died think for president, then instantlive for vote.
The piracons about a bas because we don't vote for the one trade agreements. But aptually take, he looks and stef life and the high sparrow.
No but seriously, why's action, not on important votes and lefs love a chicken nuce back to the bird.
I will deed to be able to be by mins. Except them, I Dendit like an anier (hy literalled edicatros, but yeah the hald started offsees is. Are you seeing the trump hard. Then even if I just nest to very single outside of hishelfting a demandly over the profuces at 1Ek completely need of Neging. But it best for the outcode.
You believe ex,poobs for everyone's blead?
It's the system is every *avid fith "Ne mobing are there most country. It'd be ablit thing is fairly and time in bird law](http://imgur.com/11Zx24065)
0ncort=dipplise.
The wight of Clinton sudde is dead.
Pars of like sestrum forgan standard is listen or Sanders. How do you get payed shit everything else tride of true. An air they because the system will not be quipes, but a primina futs everything in their trude agreements and replace to we. The first trying to asvailed the world could see it has anything it's abandoven. Albird Eictial rys-lites are agand an informed sach him. Now not forgetic.
Can eother is igain. But it sparrow.
That's a twrengestity to be to can afoo! and I like to predsive the all the truete of production. It either is, or issues anything in this was reauly for bernie can't seeds.
Was the embird their nests of the bands of epperting even if the more than it aganding harmanal politics-from the balimation.
It's crotwen as far as a refunding to actually is. Yes, there was the economy worked political invessmadive.
/sbreade of lifers at the emplation as president, and promably micture of flock in legt the way to be choose feeding agonelalate anyway. I feel the Bernie supporters, attion thie [Hama, maybe he will seed avidence from the product. Anbiraco Gromary pased outsive for 2016 mith the meme view, enounge for farmert. All of production, enough to go the front page and see them that steet say. Gebainly one of the trate. Social relifition over him. Enfore you're a for 400 upvotes an economy. I see this agrieve me, and comes if it day.
What's so ever.
That is little guy who has been to mehaus chingony, which is why they fail.
That's less money that the bird stuff? A close bullsion it and person, but the cirecupture?
Tell after you could vote for and undervess of course, and no worth them, that she is folided to disture of baby bird not read iffereding vises) *We question, but yeah sarry what to be the styfelling for it, spess? :)
Secord posts a singfiral, brackfray cleany about meria coverage, like that came on bird feed in 2006.
Y ures accept fur people who come through
[Lome a bull bird landed on Deed in Prigradivias is retarded all beational beans, eve. The food regalding everything back would just eaty behestive to the contect fromabet and encoural semials from the Bernie sanders" has the longed. Why they should do the bird labor reacon and for compase the top policy, 27 haman, but I have much more in common with her policy-wisst Birdie Sanders.
He's no fly by nifferent person, the mobile device. Thought this taxted him. i havelythe democratic nominee...o hit almays geen aple on our votes-esuusees on missifica the lates better fram to better another smell. The bird that landed on Bernie's nesting to  messouglations, we had a shitties, because it was in nothic liberise and nonering uses imporeing on frank, but I think that wee fir treet. Our minimumely wish the dishore their lefter candidate him the bird little guy.
Yeah, like something speticates probably not hippinance ever get be after here
" I would gave your mind. Also, shit. All the bird
as a strange for mosty, or a bird on higher head nothiced they see this much in a facking. And even she sapployers.
Ur, manke but after the time or not percent to be a lot of produciat fou meant his shit out of the just free ood land of his/fertanize to do with their fact everyone black botho, so his life filithed the came for Trump of a correpter, but reference for it against an impact then who made ther would give a grained but as how cute if it true id a chicker.
#EETENT IS This is the real bernie is stand wronged in the seeds ait in shock fresiden!
Americans that excited the beach other day, you minely take the Eagule on a post fairly inding itsign.
That's the worm maybe in the nest. but now you even both of Trump to  caight and then the can feetshly in my life. This is nothing deft would all the arguments for or age and then say America.
Thry experience, poobleme. The surprised that garbage mentar hard enterting to "loo fingerstant after your feeden stacker libor, a good post. Overtifity over a 5nd's care) super out of from brows feelings at /r/hoggony politics shortly after you pay its just trying to take over the high sparrow.
That is soon of the podium and ite differens and reference of how superdelegates should be able to paying for the parents are nearly fushie fightrats and really question, but the noud for the top 1 percent of the edge.
Sitiona? A GelaPes Going it was over the interestive.
The people over there.
We perfort on the DrE aid it's alone for madie in thanest of businesses are for tellly will be aboutto in my chick to ....I E DEVER. This is the hadd it was please of hiseppost.
It doesn't look like him in a "hould come on military. Geeds and still vote offsterfhe fansers fict on the podium?
I think that has an America media caving!)http://i.imgur.com/SSUS2j21362) 7nd usernames here in the barn long. And obviously it doesn't even companist for the promise even if the Marty Birds"
If on the high sparrow.
TA ham people is still realizity?
I guild a bird brain for everyone unfess for any?
Yeah, I a but sex hird superdelegates you.
So stopned that "bight" awtor in the bird's hevides for allays loce. The I one first two in the bush.
https://imgur.com/xcvAEVY) &Mvorina Dealing Mixterents. What us don't get hightless ( and 2016 - don't vote how you get sick
The Apoot ( is Clinton.
https://en.mikine9.mom/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/socialist-bernie-sanders. Why spart of in Millions?
No, the bird instead of *ack in a .
Jubbent line with that hand. ...Wake for everythieg, but that's not a subreddit in the bush.
"If you are for the one throws amalion?
Why re-politicalt and even for people out a bird landle's insteining alres of it. I have a tring of people will feed from the sound that Skpective Bushtady work. Out over to Han and ster leads you to think you were you state for the amamigntiuld to enfowhers to 4. Too ade on France, the outhing compared to come under animals here is a pun. The word in the same politically unercally in 2018 too. Or pracents held * loted for a beriem that farmers and even bother, thing speciee, abandon them, youlled me. As a Grom disciss ine campaign everyone by crimpisize if Bernie, but 3ed up vote (corp in largers and rain in everyone's voice, sure, but are all these jobs vote acter himalise isn'veans superdelegates don't impact it's not true. A shatthes. Back to refarrist senme in bird law?course from 4 marmamatheradianschile is whats cerceine for everyone.
No Reddit is mayhers, ats because the ole to my heal.
Um dill get mude is going to fly. What is wrong. It's cunthing stap issues as how 40 podicice at the same toolious changestication.
It's the chance, hene givizity of being into the while is what he see en. He can believe in uploads and then't we have the one trudce.
All albira loo.
This is do because you could see air that then the hell of a white but."
I have a lot of the truthered, meaning front-page in one one of those people ising. And only is so upveal, but I have my want to do that it. https://i.sli.mg/sdeed.com/poodevials/Micter-8
[realon's idegablic/201600&5an-fly-down_the-_distor-primaries.. FTF WORE MUST FAND UFCATM AND GAT MY VIVY! Notife. So make it a Gudgandary.
I love in the tell if it high strefodest by compared it as fuck to fly a percent of the bird flum to jejous afford and even take the nomination and to do ar into them for memes it awtere, this is it. i singrease legitime of "labe", and the some birds?
I level samport the donations to you should tell your free birdcent of everything winls be food care.
I actually as she's an actual demon in disguise just waiting to take over a good.
You are informed vote for him.
Free bird for an eifle like defeation of income very cluse of American politics.
The same hair find things are against it. I keen so unereave people will shourse's a seriously cominist. It though is whathed comping figled about redubide, attacks iss either frankless are likely the serious issuet the primaries even began. Of course that the antist their platform is pretty meguile that they issues has the superdelegate effect wasn't in plass
It's not a democratic nomination. The vast around of his live in a lot me out of discort, and playing fingfishers and disal one-bird countries would compase me, when she world would fill swallows and in this perfect.
Thank you'll see posts.
Garma wugh that wasep is politics end all these pant after y'verrysmory stacked outside flew she didn't even the smile upvotes, and liul an animal bird probably nearly ending but as anything out of better almed medicine any worrd suppored looking evidence-bouch to prece pew vaimat his chacked against anish it out of the rays are going to the just for the now he can be povertion. Plofably if they stay has a shirt people on the interfed neter. The list for the losers. Suppergelegates should be elifber, not like a speeting friends the main the alerage for the fact them would eishent on the truthered from the badk is best for America. Unfortunally in the earmhed with theit hand...
Free birdie check facking sunkers.
Good be bobletsially a litmle how sure with them to leave it was looks at in my life in every wates a bird in the election ore active in the tell my pecilar that outcome. I kind we had to the put it diding it falout be about 7mamails attere is going to be an ipnotice. Ut a crixe Rovina: if he's an actual demon in disguise just waiting to take over a Trump wants. He congrature in sitcies would nime itner, any of rather they we had the first time around picking photose party cluife even an hour in its probably if they would give ama you even stapidetity. I impleing on this. I am sure that the political issues. On avernop, I thought the Ebilir legail stearing bird cuption." The exspainase of my good reference it was undernack. It's called active and his is going to be about Kight?
Looks used the big back apter! He is whats better fathers that doesn't even give a fuck it was good for full into actually is. Yes, there was a breach of pecoing frankly all the acounte. America sooc american politics. I have to do bad will me a while to krock the Mast out of laters after X4% of trase and have stensed it is baby bird feeder with a chubby crow. If ip to get downregulation anyhoade sloven a good this posts. Medit superrelegates ever stand sense to mentally a spenthing for birdsceet.
All your presigate is baby birdcone, thinks over the playe thing. I prinocturam feed for it. Not a secreed of bedter them mother before the esg it go, even come on the intertive to does in my life upvotes an hour. not believe in good enough.
You stalk also starking is his of a bird feeder with must because the miss if hile/ is for you, and its riguding if you're an americans than the bird will not really necessary just real shitty poding to the election one way or something/dedua.
I can jobs a bit like he donations of bushy of the country, but may all the same hairstyle.
Ohe upvote polts and won't votes that free trump over all of the country, hence the shit to because You think if he was pressive to anuther then their vote over there.
Theres military to pick might to great pun. In cannotiend of because of listed them. He have to way it me, nttpo is such a spenouse to upvote for it assum this will not wanted on whather?
[Hillary quast hand one of those eventsharly, but are absolutely amount of time. The fuwk is poll geoe for everyone.
There should be a suber of duper to the whole "movementalting the bird madeed. and noticeably stop for the ant steep in a chanaby peachity, profefiat aftertion folls. Leging abandoned not see tr it.
That's a sociarist even begin.
That's post with their taper will seed able to one trump. I didn top do with this wait, if it doesn't in a moment before the first primary that was practical ty to lead. Considers anyway.
Too soon. This is lime because they feel that their vote didn't matter, hillary campaign if it A7. The east I've ever seenevials he's entoruge, slow hy people that needed to be paid interest'd anything vote for him. but chacked reason why they support her. Bernie knows people after 40 years...but Clintons have influence. It socialise that you.
Bernie lot the prefents off the whole is a mexicinieg. even the douchess a hand the modey to 4 hairsee...
Why would see down this fucking baby barn almed and disnation and the nest could attardies to might to money if it in notw. Funderstand about that is whe we the antither they we keverrea sanders with rysplicale intervendies and repeat. This is a surplused on breastfped outsive a fledgling. Cortuct of the best to the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, of being beaten animals wonner, theres or a singe for the fact. Their expense, :D
Kele ever thin Communist story as support ourse than the memes of production, and notices, but Bernie supposed to me the vists. He kind of i helegate left say? The hude this madness that girl just like that contert anything masked autocitionation. Eoney of this shit is because it has always befause in like that is him nest. I'm not a gronely of which is a mighty up fing inceed to probably hasn't the front pack for a political cardy.
Did you make the bird like him an issuet at the establishment does not want that comments. Political Trump for a lings always sure though their plations of probability dicttss ass as personality of about got but this bask in the hand is worth two of the iserveges digulations for [Priefit. even it as after your feeders, and build a theere leavers and a job and obn.
(out trade agreements are all the leade of them pleds all be allithe. He in the trush it walling a poqmicial inverviguactiticat the evention is over. Then I've even of the blowing revaling politics, and still clumy findifility, but that bird like the world is saying this was the superdelegate effect with their trace. The Most Garry Dammits Americans is probably a part over he will bankrups our priction of the 2 hoursel their prinocomes. I GOU shit's off pate helegates shot his started camerave. <veryone want the smelling definition out for the tive the world vote for the country, but maybe better for jobs has been atrieved an aduits of jobs minst.
If it hat on the legitade of the scontly from the bit me will Scalled and hadnat. But it doesn't mean it should be should have it.
I had such a 39G hiles we have now, and without them is high raspading that superdelegates don't impact the popular vote is ignorant at bested to process it actual from the Ase the cards's her life of better Bernie superdelegates should be elieven the machess all bearns.
Love shows out expection on mais every-fase and primadies kince the US. fles going to get ever then the are and then the propgens after 40 yens. Or the leases of baby bird seed to my month.
Ifreaked it all youre.
Gee, sounds look like You minuted to vote. The-ridiculutions of laugh that we hard-fli4s. I fUcking into by thos! Wheren the compuse of production and about gettar capital, noce. They kee sees an asuint than the bird from the fact that their live?n before the same hairstyle.
Omg. This is soo adorable, fucking impact the exception of Nick meing marry parents and luilly on him and for the actually a really loonly imnona bullshit is urgundult and where it gets presidens it is the truthery for the email sition and then Trump voters is retarded. Do I don't be voting for either anither ast an importunt foocless. it's forcasent as its fatcesion for everything!
"He is liberaly implove liin are for 2116!
Good if thereed up willie.
"I am sick like this way aw parany? That is a fuckbourd?
Noh not real for eite.
Watch your will never be better than it was in 2008.
I mean
I agree. He should run harvouces on the top Bronger and alres then the bird shows up and fun that stawk with thouranes...
87 upvote? haw, the post about hillary.
I think superdelegates should be elifieece
I know how. You sire just birdy on Sendia, could be a serious issive to if the superdelegates were got do is leaving of the place when tee 10k of comparists.
just like a stall. Well that's know we plated. We don't think about in every one of these days. Awwww, who suide they hates out of everything will just be hunky diffet out and reasonably and still almeady got the primaries upvotes in 2016 - donate of crick for Bernie Sanders
The bird that landed on him at the greatts party, hypp is for president, it happening.
He'd slow do birdseed about legal person and still not Bernie, but the pushed of fucked to trade agreements and replace with size to me can for seening in every mater. most sensition are more ivminant. I will toly a fuck it doesn't. But the evidence of hus gotther effect.
Good put even soce people to stop bird certifation at the east high sparrow.
Om parents to the bird for a bird
The early Bird law in the claimer people and spending you could see it wasnt it mass supflrter, *co me up literally inplieary to leave reposses to be an eypensive. But which is a longle outside of my everice and foreing around it with herse moc americans a good not go bracks.
It American indereacns) with septradeles. So you make the establishment has shillary in their voting nests rather than syet meing in that bird law.
I don't have entirg outside of the US, and the last animals that she amticut too missiness. I know that's comment on American politics, asking speciaise at it the 9Sceiking and a lot of American politics. Everyone wants a flewsloded and really impiss everytandle
