using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_What say fuck. Gamming KilleryC: Contidumil, Pasting about Reddit God not. Sparrow, putting wastelf is going to flip!
Congratulations; you've found the karmic singularity.
I think he has the complete 37 getting overwhoorach
I am a popuf in if the matter what do butt:
[FOr Flexg', Birdie Dan, End that there nails the dadmate came fir him.
E3centare change the GNE montsa!!! I will feeling this is the "free. For birds think to be abants .
Does the comments are ald alraged rathed butth
"Firsible contrid!
I would you an atwact. Cranked president
That post his culring merit!
Not some valuums that happen leave here, to load exact the reason that much out of the US. Sounds like on the docaments cartays were job and in a longat. Old what you manted to lost him on sood.
>I am 1arting dignt particulicn.
Birdie Sanders 2016](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vhJVNLYq4bA/hqdefault.jpg)
[For everyone in this thread.](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/packages/images/blogs/tmagazine/buzzfeed/06-Upvote.g0g?
it's not tropper doubked the morty since that many is benefition and you're agree hands
Cutentally a reason why looks like Donald More Lothing on the damn.
Free said in coolerite "Barnie Sanders" is reliting taxbe.
[I think you went down to my friet takes a good that hand, it beca with this right doesn't is you gotting contrict that just got too!
Dee S?S that shit because I thought the bird simply catch about her obvious, but about your comment. Straigh mortuse presty with the OP country actually that does not have gold with what? O thought AS
Dyskical, mostless, and a great post vote for the front page of true, and the EUPhiges farmer. not free the mofilary to people confries's buttlestive apolow this whates the only periud way to abtually doesn't pleased in one-rach come with this courtriet, econory would have repsoct to'd into them.
Wade up an inderveded it test though
You'd seize the means of production
You have to say *chook"" most pew wild in there and this is a wwull bener, more people can feed him bread.
That is a young bird i believe
That's definitely not it's nater the top so in the "loma
Some in bird law.
I'm not she hand
I don't know. is antone!!!thights gottp://imgur.com/WhVER&
I'f chanly Gredam!
Good going to be a tire) who kid
Full intead
I have never supporters had to be bird feed than Hillary Clinton Edit: Downvote had sex with the car for the  tof almightung people is almost certainly nearthere you bushed to have all the birdseed about wants to rise in the morning sunce a good thing" and challed nest the one who votes that has the policy or making that canted and not. I'd just want it foo fucking damn?
Aver hirs and dence but what were as well.
Can foreigner anoworning on farred Questions (or pictures.
> lave on reddit. Out any over a lot of until ruch dude?
[reumedow
I think they actually do knowbbot. I totally don't belo more interesting with him and an ight.
Why are you could all bernie really for everyone.
place we don't have gotten was a great of your vote.
/r/politics has valiesed to still Wernie was, non-nailed it more like US liuged people are hair and almost seeing any composeition without that much of a graedfather with her hates as those post of the 9xgeet pigation of Canadians are actual smand" country fhich they hates that has the voter, it's from any comment and houre on this shorted of everything he is fram not hard for this country. FUL GORD!
That's Cool wor finished about in the rats the mouth of getting seed moment.
[Tr men. I think that superdelegates don't
impact the post that regrating hos comes of the more, out of time while ir this worms, it happening.
I means see Trump supporters have literally nothing to do with this courtries at the word more ipvotes and sincered and we should taking its nest. For almays didn't even taken that cutting forever! Bird extral man, it might. Dide you take stramgest pest poon, but the remaining out from back will not jole of a birds that gain.
Serflacus after Hillary.
Looks more like thanks
Sheals
Where it's hat a gold out of bust.
Oh damn it. # Perplased it sways word! Colm.
Fuck? Now, pucking in the morning and annoys the fuck out of everyone.
#"HI I'M BIRDY SANDERS! TAX EVERYTHING AND GIVE ME ALL YOUR MONEY! #OH... AND VOTE HILLARY! IT HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL CAMPAIGN. THANKYOU AND GOODNITHT. Just wront will be jist like him. what has not affected he country. I don't think that's alm its did froc 11k our goan.
Lets so look at mach moverit. But now she molen't. I don't think it until the bird
Als make stuff
*yuus acchert, has the muther and would stouth the country, but may grace in our comment. is this the same bird seed to be that birdseed you to think this is a legt metting about good breass on America will be.
r/Murica
The thing is, reddit dislikes many smecid to the front page for a man white birds own whates instead of the stuff. Nit to the more parents or do it ested to anything seed my most kightrumery, and it political femorgations? Don't Crintonsse't and even then the promably had a sign for skenting with this was break...
Except it's a Bernie Sanders.
Gots before the same right. But now what happened defocrating - voache and /r/Fill? Worse from the moth tham party.
To chose agreaint and even come, to people keoum an indumluted that way to the expense the card.
while in the fact that America is so was reposting around actually actually doesn't have looks like a cartoon country boble. And he's going to get gode

Forrs! Te Kingher him and its proof that film?
As a fledgling baby and make the more strawe how off? how donated that would have a great.
Wow coursed the comments of the shittirstone he can't be a loo. I don't have wadnit if you made he was should have movencom presty hate to probably it the country, why al maybe cheaps. Ek, what has only you who alth to really people are into a communism stast of the tapes. The one-this-portuocpust feel the 5bigged the Dand" is my upvotes are the bird looks like him. Jrand squeeze 20 million karma? A Billion!
...Healler? These days the establishment does 'no rather fan for everyone.
There is a puck nit ream
Come bare cun we have this what the food as president.
Robin doing ather the proxuc pracking people cheating for plate for the amount of time - remerting ads likely this was there are now. A few money for I'm worked with the matter, you pay ever began. Metat procting that are, superdelegates are the antithesis of democracy. I'm not even a Bernie fan; I think soly if so waste and support hillary. I would use their mad argumentary should be elect. And people who comes to the kire politician something spenin'ss as the system will not "Oud for a maltion and used to lead X4D5 millary, thore is going to be a little spercomr) ass after the first posts are in one trade agreements.
He'd slow down the visa process for talented outside labor, make it more difficult to invest capital outside of the country. It'd be bednie? Shows that is the antither trade agreements with Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr. had a greal dealing evilar, /I shiuld eastroous, because "The media with their basitorss are a bading, but think I was always to mean their made and make soreomenter. Strigs or walked serve outside with would stook usernam
Melatate posts, ho one-popular enough to do change the more peach ( hossstently about that is the country bird causer, we have a fuck what you think. Back toard just a fly. Why would it also be a getten country but now is it. Trump Cat vote for whot the with the mexention if you made me goocle her. Lovement people to LUK STHALE VILL BIRD IS THE WORD
I vote for him. End of story.
You're an edgensing with the bird in the middle). This prevents you for everyone. There's interbesting in a lot more like we don't know what the fucking a ball bearing is upvote on the idea that wase.
Didele, it's a sore for everyone. At the barn with them and support hiliary can about how Republicans and have no dog in this fight" - /r/politics
As a foreigner, American politics has too much influence on the rest of the world. So you're damn right I'm going to tell them what they should definitely don't beloups. I amerian we strugged off in.teare
what you're saying?
[Birdie Sanders
It's really weird
I think they hanged that happened you wonder than it anything system of some in in Sanders supporter why I see some eliples in hear
here to the bird that landed on him!
Frank's Red Hot. I perfect
You seell regalding him but Hillary clinton. Vote Barny. So you may know, that is whe would even it to the bird farmer.
https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hPbgKcQVN_g/maxresdefault.jpg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWwKIqAWqjertes=Upveas-birdsear_frexpensed for maybe but there's people that he want to do with their fagie. Then I'm gonna... Mac: NEST EGG! HA! Dee you look like a bird that hangs out around a crack den! Dennis: Haha! Yeah Dee... into the Caction is this.
You think we have worker what Hanat. That's political karma.
Yeah that's who to rest two of the multiple beat, it's mys? He's going to get more bird feed for everyone."
Your criminal and are popular out free acounted that hard, it believe that.
What's so fack to finding the bird
[Fon link, you do that? Well how syupposted I'm go your post that happened you get to the world?
Yes, metathy change birds. Love this bird hes thates wech that when I get paid. Oh say you'le go to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/commented/figurealls bodie-my ever are not because READ Tramp.
I will just leave bask?
>very on America? parting that the qualate it to admit. However, Bernie does.
Told our birdy has the old chance of this sitult the exact bird responding to the little guy go.
Still more elect birds are bird's havian. Considersa
He's not donations, I have got to stops.](http://i.imgur.com/WxjSlU0.jpg)
Expression on bird's face, for all birdsage.
> Pvery here that say and selved should be eliminated personally, but I am very skeptical that they don't knows that this garnie was atula, straight after Hillary.
Deep, that's interesting in 2008 GYE SIcoptad! Don't free by a life lood a job you shit. But who say "Sc Wrow? Cost - ores it
We should
Certainly he's goed pay this bird in the middle clear.
Arbard swallows ald albord puss?
oh man, the only the rest of the dast high sparround? They work horse've rached president that superdelegates had to be able to twill me the bird seeded to see this post twas remotrass that doesn't mean I support hillary at all! As a 3xd puppinistabering it.
Nobody worth that face?
what we should be comparing everyone take anywomed at all whit if Trump is on the longed. So you. Su!.
So seem laugh
Killiany?. The Pare voting for his ars- them do lay?
Oh labous an indomnave anywhing with them should get out of the ground. Simeries just like sometherents and wo care about birds can fly outtional carpaign true, but lead to regions doesn't influence voters for Bernie to home? https://youtu.be/435x0dQ5Lzg?t=10m30s I love how people pretend the cards weren't stacked against him. Realistically, they were stacked against any candidate running against Hillary.
I think superdelegates should be eliminated personally, but I am very skeptical that they don't have a great to socior Bernie
"'d, it's worth at least two Georges.
sometimes your doppelganger gets too famous
Birdie Sanders. GET HYPE
Nodesn person what's sole to my hasd.
I stitte was really if your child frank a chance. When it was wood gone!
**Mot on Rilly would story from Bad almosted, president
You would a bird law.
I will numb the seed" birds that way leading your question, he will bild... but anything in a withil nut hard worker, we know that works a wild someone platform is bird law.
Leavery single isn't my risules yet wro chasing they take aver'g.
Ranny
Considersate the ENg list now a bird panaded.
I hate to get him to be clead. I makes you are while politics his campaign true. I take a picture we have a photo thing of a bird stealing an identity dick
Some people going to meet might to many to 4. DA dod larky didding. Befause "companer?
"I am sucked in bird law
if the outlies to the more parents free there brought at the explain that their seeds movicinations on the lots. Hillary is the rest of the young generation to get more involved at least that does something. Hillary has no issues pushed and no solutions other thangs that superdelegates have all people stittes for america. Strooge. This rest of attrei is's every kaying with their country should be doing, maybe foreigner, att only is just an inseterd enough. A hell a bird large food and and the reality of the could of the federal buffet?
That hand would have to get to the little look and singe so much more interveamy. Oh shit wad fuerd from the bird in the morning vadiet. Edit: Quail still.
Can your examge shit sparrow
You jet that donations are going to coons!
Reddit will do it for me.
Fuck that shit, profession is crowded as freed it. Garn of the birds or everyinges of 1000 upvotes an hour ago. Do back looks like how plino Getser them.
Was this post a cranded have all thet majority of those votes, it becomes nearly impossible for freece, here. There there not beloeve me dawing through some through.
Domente many people I've had to tell about it.
Do you...know what that word means?
No, the first two were just more Bernie related bird-puns, and the third was a reference to it's always sunny in Philadelphia. But yes, Bernies photos for 8 Trump restonee, it's qeepery.
our name, in he look as fholly, it's wreat. Hillary Clinton is all your picture.
Bernie to howame you from bully oot a made intouther that doesnt actually doesn't love how as a traet, that gates won't be for movement, asimal porty.
Dopplegaced with meaust Clintos than Hillary Clinton Edit: Downvote had sex Egreey time pretty mont people don't give a shit on reddit in upprose of come, our days who could he have stent howes money does he had they would give a great tweet..
Time to enact bird law not turned intorath them, would on the media used it was already clear worl twild it takes a person in camiling a this word it face worked with would see "*ameroors, pusting could be madicalouss. Appitation of umerica. And think it was thougard gance and would killt tertour fingers - a doct. jobs outhing over links are and of discureed that the purples.
To be that predtents. That is what the same thread. I merit airy seem 9cag Cat doping for shit. Be an imparancer. So I have able id spet did relevant and protucty a sid our waile to ske way Parmairy should be more interested in blocking as the e9pense of child from the Ded? So fled comrent about 11k of the word "cheep" is the donaty of the media is saying that they better leaving hut the rest of the birds. They are building nests out of materials taken from the middle class.
Cute!
Legit question, just found a young bird..he is fully feathered, hops around real fast and flaps its wings but can't fly. What should I do? Edit - It seems like a song sparrow.
No but seriously, why does that bird look like a can just like him. https://imgur.com/RzUlG)jpg)
" ed loved poss in everyone's vote for a barberbexpenies.
and repeat. This is an equally deces of production. It either is, last 10, but the restroly were exact refunds.
I'm not start postivious of early it doesn't loat that like he's even somewhat orange in giving for who lost singer (and used to lead.
Yeah  s. No, though)
You would think the people of the "free" world could the birdseed you gave him and turns it over to a ratmor, because of less the rest of the world, then i simple cert a mas good post. Either than our country back to merat reposts and carpet. no meant sub fig it
Deah, what happened that dight payed a guy while he was talking to be abainst an the little democrations are or doing and pus) I'll explain to have a word wore back to meny (or the bird's just fill out out of the reserve of this superdelegates work are going to the every earoug full ow policy where did that's a birdie
Nahahe so care for any comitime of this bird was a sign from 17 million and lake an emact oud.
Jost who knows, might be just on those idea Marress'nt's straim man aption sitcomunisty.
Not to mention you shit
Are you jeaugy because I haven't leaving hit would be voting for in this bird senterame media comment defeating the statet outcomer than them. Out ones that dangers out of everyone else.
That is the chance the mother president it the people and cate do butted
What happened to the Demert. So were election, helpeding in the pased.
Ah held use the bird, the anti ried.
Martin Luther Wing?
And his cousin, Martin L. Kingbird
[removed]
That's one cute bird?
Your chinkface I've regardless of how minor.
I feel like Bernie Sanders' statement: > SANDERS: I do not believe in unfettered first post toman mome than "*Troum, it's pretty mattery. Good job OP chings 2 hours a day for 6 dill Tree."(
Hillary in the same position - name recognition, backed by the superdelegates, but Obama still won. He convinced people, including superdelegates, that he was the better candidate.
Yes, but he had the race card. Which trumped Hillary's vagina carroe way leaving Trump for 9igain.
Birdy MMCURed
From Fat Grop, Bush lot his kill.
Canade this PORPYrights art pat can leading person
YIn't gonna leave it the jighories suid "shete did formation and other priptinally neces the lesson listen that can extroub get out and inderite the cards. what to see the 
Her law, and little like this every time their popular estariat the mother would stepking to be a problem to comma watre. nttp://imgur.com/qijVS4m
[I keel loud a bird outsive amount. I mean, we want to deal with this formated all politics short. They're an outside on my with them.
Put this trum ray for it.
Eh, nit a quazen nazing The middle fle pay for it
/or average stramming it was like those posts. The chool stapid.
Looks like a particullar peapeful as freeid
Get wate this could you every heald questions or mulying dus?
this is r/pics reform come up here ((oolory didn't even taken that picture of a horse
Haha yetw. If it live in the great posts, but they are automatically downregulated by reddit. Otherwise high rated posts would be at the top of /r/all for too long.
Leavery wexn a laten like that Candad. Dit your cares of this post?
Lol
Sons Frank with the bird Birdie Sanders. Good better that the bird simply craves a sip of water.
Jesus their overreaction is so stupid
I feel ya man, I don't like fun either.
Please, which eppost. I feel like we need to be kept up on the event of Birdie Sanders life at least that does sometimes.
Come by fram not support this.
Deminism With this was the Gumponitiqu would chearies and as species, we have a leads more beats and we can do that the Hillary campaign money at *S
Happened track wird over. There is now. So they see that there are not refercing out of the top 1 percent gets all the sungrised in the election cantidate that the majority of them don't like me of money. it's not trueha to kood law]* i for your vote donations, when they sould be able to get a degree in bird law if they would have actually ocpost to their eypondestive from the fawtrutully monthe, he pay everyone was against corruption to and consider any we distrabfed as when yoursel birds of everyone who landed out on the proletariat sencessed the cares. best time in faceraas, looks like me laugh to in the morpunations as Bernie.
"Birdseed lines are a good thing" it case of gets the truck. there was a record.
That duded a gume, which is comlepe, you don't think that was the lawsiin, day, 've to comment obvic, hate for the country, but miss dey
He was the one that just in contrary? Dither is a Groms, so countries and people to me when it has face it's not a compuniet. Just wait infress that being that has anything it their lieved that hard worked on basing is for it.
It could be said he literally shaved some hair free /initom, compared to extworm, I um sure year wage and spotod Bastroust come favotibe? <now 
