*"Sweet Dee Steals Frank's Identity"*
"I believe in birdcare as a RIGHT, not a privilege" -Birdie Sanders
My vote goes to [Trump Cat.](http://cdn77.sadanduseless.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/trump-cat1.jpg) He's gonna build a birdcage and make them pay for it.
The early bird seizes the means of production
The High *Sparrow*
Holy fuck really cashin in this time eh /u/GallowBoob?
r/politics would probably vote for this bird instead of Hilary Clinton
[Apparently, he's a fan too!](http://i.imgur.com/wdnCj9E.gif)
This is a juvenile (born this spring) Barn Swallow, for those who are interested.
Feel the Bird
http://imgur.com/zSSPU1u
"Don't worry. As long as you fly at exactly 88 mph and strike the window just as the lightning strikes ... everything will be fine."
http://i.imgur.com/6PKrEY6.jpg
Side note, that bird is a fledgling and still requires care from its parents which can likely be found in the surrounding area. It probably won't be able to fly yet but will hop around on the ground. So it's best to leave it with its parents so that they can continue to feed it. Just in case you didn't know!
He extra hates fat cats
[Birdie](http://m.imgur.com/xzvbM8Y) for president.
Robin the cradle there... that's a mighty young bird!
I bet that would give a great tweet..
Time to enact bird law
Does gallowboob use an upvote bot or something?
I would have called him the high sparrow
Repost.
10k upvotes wtf lol
What the hell? When I first saw this earlier today, it had 11k+ upvotes. Now it only has 8k?
A bird in the hand is worth 1000 delegates in the bush
i have a really hard time believing this shit has 12k upvotes
If it got everyone who likes to "Feel the Bird" voting for it then we'd have ourselves our best option for 2016
>picture of baby bird with a fucking stupid title Who else but gallowboob....
or Albirdie Einstein...
"... and in that instant, The Grand Nagus, dressed in lime-green, brought a smile to our faces. Breathless laughter filled the room as someone managed to choke out, 'Send me that link!', between the potentially dangerous mixture of food and air being in close proximity." - First Interlocutor and Metatron of Deb
Someone call up u/CommaHorror
Hey I got two in a bush I'll trade ya
There's regular law and then there's bird law.
11,000 upvotes, damn!
He'd gladly wait in the bread line with you.
Looks like Frank Reynolds.
some please photoshop the bird that flew onto bs's podium with this bird
Gallowboob strikes again. God damn, I say. God damn.
Birdie has my vote...can't be worse then the choices we have now
Birdie did fairly well in the democratic canaries and hawkuses... Now on to the national conwrention
"WE MUST END THE CORRUPTION ON WALL TWEET" - Birdie Sanders
I've predominantly been a lurker who has depressive tendencies. I don't want to exaggerate but this post along with the comments has made me laugh like I haven't in a while. Thanks Reddit.
http://i.imgur.com/01Ztj.gif
I just imagine OP spending most the day attempting to catch a bird, then glue feathers to it's head. All the while muttering "karma, karma, karma".
How does bullshit like this make the front page
/u/GallowBoob's karma-to-shitpost ratio is rather impressive. Quantity before quality, I guess. Fuck this.
Baby Barn Swallow!!!
Tell me you put this guy down again. That's a swallow fledgling, and while still clumsy fliers (because they are still learning) the parents are around.
This post had 10,000 upvotes, what happened?
[removed]
10000 upvotes in an hour. I love it /u/jellobob
Looks more like Uncle Scrooge. Did you happen to find him in a silo full of gold coins?
This is going to be the top post when i come back tomorrow, isn't it?
We gotta break up these twigs!
I think your fingers to palm ratio is off a smidge.
Dem nails doe
Lennie, you're squeezing it too hard.
Will he be tweeting throughout the election?
them some big fingers
I dunno, I see more Wallace Shawn.
http://youtu.be/jPdHaNr0OAY Kiss him and love him and squeeze him and hug him and call him George
"Monty Birds"
I would vote for this bird over our current candidates.
Upvote overload
I'm feeling the bird
[I met a Birdie Sanders too!](http://i.imgur.com/iRQifmY.jpg) [He was hungry for change!](http://i.imgur.com/SJmrdAW.jpg)
"We have to break up the birdfeeders"
We have got to stop the exploitation of undocumented avians!" - Birdie Sanders
This is now /u/gallowboob's most popular post ever! (as of writing). Speaking of which, it's fun to browse https://www.reddit.com/user/GallowBoob?sort=top
This is the High Sparrow right?
That's one cute bird!
Your hand looks like a Pixar person's hand.
*takes the birdseed you gave him and turns it over to a rat.*
right now, in this country, we have a situation where 1% of the birds are getting over 40% of the worms, and I think we can do betta!
i haven't seen a post get this many upvotes in forever
This bird has been through some shit
I just blew (cannabis) vapor out my nose when this picture appeared in my news feed. Bravo good sir
more than anything im just impressed that you caught a bird
>sausage fingers
running for president? it's for the birds
Nah thats the high sparrow
WTF? did you catch a bird?
The top 1 percent of the birds of this nation are not helping out the rest of the birds. They are building nests out of materials taken from the middle class.
Cute!
Legit question, just found a young bird..he is fully feathered, hops around real fast and flaps its wings but can't fly. What should I do? Edit - It seems like a song sparrow.
No but seriously, why does that bird look like he pays taxes
You idiot, if you handle him, his mom won't vote for him!
There is no reason why one bird should get two worms when other birds have none! Worms are a basic bird right!
"This nest is going to be uuuuuuuge!"
"George, I miss birdie sanders" - Lenny "Me too, Lenny. Me too." - George (*votes Clinton)
DAE BERNDI SNADERS??? LMAOOO
Whoa this was at 11500 upvotes an hour ago.
10000 likes? Wowza dude
"I believe that the bird feeder is rigged!" - Birdie Sanders
It's destiny!
The early bird gets the worm. - Proverb
This is adorable.
Just donated 20 worms. Match me!
Now a wild Bernie Sanders needs to land on his podium as he is giving an emotional speech.
Is that a troll's hand?
Feel the bird
That bird is thinking it can still prevent itself from being caught
that bird is a cuck.
pssh like he has any chance against Gullery Clinton
cute as fuck. put him in a suit and make him give a speech
Raise the federal prohibition on marinara
How did this post go from 11 thousand upvotes, to 4 thousand.
I'm about to empty my savings account to buy bird seed for Birdie Sanders presidential campaign, and you should too.
Fuck bernie and fuck gallowboob
>this bird looks like a bald old guy! Reddit: "Cool. Upvoted!" >Bernie Sanders :J Reddit: "HOLY FUCKING SHIT YES PLEASE! TAKE MY UPVOTES, MY BANK ACCOUNT, AND MY CAR, AND FUCK MY WIFE!"
Pretty funny. Side note: damn bro! Cut those nails.
Birdie Sanders wants to tax the Early Birds. redistribute the worms to the 99 percent birds.
Is this the same bird from the podium?
Too bad there's a hen in the barn who's already paid off all the cows, sheep, and pigs (i.e., the supperdelegates) to vote for her. Little Birdie doesn't stand a chance.
"Everyone gets breadcrumbs." Which is not too far off from Bernie's real slogan.
Check the bird's nest. Maybe we'll find the missing tax returns there.
SKRAAAAW DON'T INVOLVE OUR YOUNG IN YOUR DIRTY MUDMEN POLITICS SKRAAAAW KAKAAAAW!
Mac: Uhhhhh, hey guys? What the hell is Dee doing? Charlie: I don't know. Is this some kind of prank? Dennis: It's certainly not a prank, Charlie. Dee's not smart enough to orchestrate anything like... Dee: I'm stealing Frank's identity dickwads. Yeah. That's right. I'm gonna waltz my happy ass into Philadelphia National and withdraw his whooole nest egg. Then I'm gonna... Mac: NEST EGG! HA! Dee you look like a bird that hangs out around a crack den! Dennis: Haha! Yeah Dee... in that costume you look like what would happen if Bernie Sanders had sex with a bird, then that child fell into a chemical dump. Charlie: Yeah! Hahahaha Dee you're so dumb! So dumb! This is never going to work. Dee: Yes it is you buttholes! ... Frank (busts into Paddy's Pub wildly wielding revolver): I JUST GOT A WORD MESSAGE ON MY IPHONE! WHICH ONE OF YOU IS TRYING TO STEAL MY IDENTITY! **cut to black** *Sweet Dee Steals Frank's Identity*
But dee is so gargantuan and gangly.
I've been having a pretty bad week, and I just had to log in to say thank you for making me laugh.
"I flew with Martin Luther Quail Jr."
"We live in the wealthiest bird-country of the history of the world, but not many birds know that. You know why? Because they are waking up before the sun rises in order to get the worms, inscets, and other tasty food before their fellow bird can. Every day they have to worry about getting enough food for their chicks. Most birds do not perceive that we live in a wealthy bird country because almost all of the bird seed is going to the top 1%. The top 1% is able to wake up at any time, fly to an automatic bird seed dispenser and give the bird seed to their family. There is something profoundly wrong with our bird country and it is up to us to fix it." -Birdie Sanders
"I also believe that." - Hillary Parrot
"There's something very wrong in this country when one percent of the flock gets ninety percent of the birdseed."
"Pocahontas! Crazy Bernie! Corrupt Hillary! Little Marco! Lyin' Ted! Jeb is a Mess!" - Donald Mockingbird
Yeah the fact of the matter is birdlaw in this country is not governed by reason
You know nothing of constitutional bird law.
This is going to fit into my Avian Revisionist Fan Fiction.
"It's time to take down the big banks on Wall Tweet."
Look at me,. I'm like an old version of Canary David!!!
[Zoodiac Killer](http://i.imgur.com/UGDUkjx.jpg)
http://i.imgur.com/USzD2jy.jpg
I feel like Trump Cat would be more interested in blocking dog doors.
Now we just need a Hilliary Kitten
Cats do like to chase and kill birds ... ( )
/r/fullbirdcommunism
The early bird feels the Bern.
/r/FULLCOMMUNISM
but the second mouse inherits the wealth
O shit socialism
Birdie Sander's is not a communist!
Boom
http://freebeacon.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/bernie-as-high-sparrow.png
This is the comment I was looking for
Something is wrong
Practically everything /u/GallowBoob posts cashes in. Over 8 million link karma?
Serious question, how is he always on the front page?
Almost 12k upvotes wtf, why couldn't the polls see this much action :(
People on /r/politics don't vote.
Since Bernie lost it's been /r/HilaryClintonsEmails
This bird has an equal chance of getting the nomination as Bernie.
They would if they were old enough.
Without a doubt
Politics aside, that's such an adorable reaction and I want him to be my grandfather.
I'm pretty sure that's the whole [Birdie Sanders](https://www.google.com/search?q=birdie+sanders&spell=1&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwjOpLOP8tDNAhVEmR4KHQ7jA18QvwUIGygA&biw=1920&bih=1075) joke here.
Let me tell you something. Birds *love* me. Believe me. There is nobody. **Nobody** who birds love more than Donald J. Trump.
I love in the beginning everyone's calmly sitting in the back and then the bird shows up and everyone fucking loses it
These all just seem like cheep ways to gain karma.
Was that Rob Dyrdek in the stands to the left of Bernie?
What if he would have smashed it and ate its guts
i cant help but laugh at the audience's reaction
How can you tell? A lot of fledglings look very similar! Barn Swallows are the best. I love watching them fly. Why are there no videos of them flying? Can people not follow them with a camera?
That's probably illegal.
Came here to say this. Take my upvote.
( )
Damn it!!!!! I knew someone would have it
this should be on a tshirt
Very dark souls
Check OP's post history and decide if that's really him holding the bird lol
This might be one of those childhood folklore stories I was always told growing up but per my childhood I was told if you touch a baby bird it's parents won't tend to it anymore and it will die.
>Robin
Either that or the Reddit admins use him as a "curator" of content and give him a boost. Anything to distract from the Trump and anti Hillary posts.
Either they were fake upvotes or a bunch of anti-bernie people showed up.
What comes up, must come down
> Holy shit. My mom came into my room to bring me a plate of chicken nuggets and I literally screamed at her and hit the plate of chicken nuggets out of her hand. She started yelling and swearing at me and I slammed the door on her. I m so distressed right now I don t know what to do. I didn t mean to do that to my mom but I m literally in shock from this post tonight. I feel like I m going to explode. Why the fucking fuck is it getting so many upvotes? This can t be happening. I m having a fucking breakdown. I don t want to believe the world is so pure. I want corruption to believe in. I want Trump or Hillary to be president and wreck this broken country. I cannot fucking deal with this right now. It wasn t supposed to be like this, I thought the bird was long dead???? This is so fucked.
Why wouldn't you say Albird Einstein?
reddit loves a good pun
let's be clear, /u/gallowboob didn't take this picture. It's on the front page of imgur, and he [didn't even bother](http://imgur.com/gallery/6uhAx81) changing the title from the OP.
Dude this is u/gallowboob we're talking about here. He don't need no karma.
In Soviet Russia, bird catches you!
Gallowboob
I have five of them right next to my front door. Love those messy little fucks.
was at least at 11,600....and growing and then it started to tank...odd?
Wondering the same thing. Maybe bots?
And only ~850 comments at the moment... strange.
Shit is pretty wild.
Bernie is a cuck
...that's says "I am not Birdie."
Yes, OP tracked down the exact bird to loathe in delicious karma.
she has a cloaca
\>loses by 400 pledged delegates \>loses by 3.8 million votes \>**"the election was stolen from Barney!!!"** &nbsp; By how much did he need to lose for you people to stop being so butthurt? America didn't want a self-proclaimed socialist with ridiculously quixotic platforms. It's been made loud and clear at the ballot box.
Mmm... supperdelegates.
I mean she easily won the primaries without that much of a grueling fight. And obviously most of the supers were going to back someone they knew and worked with for years, rather than someone who literally just joined for the purpose of running. What happened was predictable on the Dem race. It's the GOP one that was surprising.
Or, maybe they just like the hen better and know the little disheveled hair birdie just showed up to use their barn for his own political gain.
But you just have to wait in a line. Since bread lines are a good thing according to bernie
Haha yes!
Dee rips on herself and no one says anything?
You got their personalities pretty much down. I read it all in their voices. Haha
/r/explainlikethegang
I think public education should be free! Anyone should be able to get a degree in bird law if they work hard enough.
Martin Luther Kingfisher, Jr.?
"I am sick and tired of these glass ceilings! I keep flying into them." -Quillary Clinton
Why not Kingfisher?
>I flew with Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr. FTFY
Mr. Luther Kingfisher Jr. So close.
When it gets put like that, it seems a whole lot crazier than when you compare real world wealth. It makes it more real for some reason.
*if you give her extra feed
"If you look at my record, I have been a long time supporter of universal birdcare"
Brilliant.
Is Dan Quail still around?
I owe you gold. You may claim it on the 5th when I get paid. Seriously. I'm telling you this now so I'll see it in my overview later as a reminder to myself.
For some reason that speaks more to me than the actual message. The power of satire is weird.
For some reason, when you put it like that it makes me even sadder. Greed must be a hell of a drug.
You think you're some kind of expert? I'd love to go toe to toe with you in bird law.
I'm versed in Maritime Bird Law for anyone seeking services.
clever
Oh my God it is him.. way cuter tho
I can totally see Ted Cruz!
Awwww, who could punch that face?
hahah
Do you ever get off Reddit?
Is that a horse vagina?
We're gonna build the biggest vacuum cleaner, it's gonna be YUUUUUUGGGEE
I'm disappointed.
Damn it. I had such high hopes. They've all been dashed... much like the dreams and aspirations of the proletariat beneath the crushing reality of the capitalist economic paradigm.
I remember when that sub got a post #1 on /r/all during the Victoria blackout. The frontpage was full of posts from obscure subreddits. Best time ever.
*yes*
He's not, but to be honest I laughed anyway.
Too soon.
This comment is
He should have helped out Sanders campaign. Lol
He posts a massive amount of content and deletes the stuff that don't get a lot of upvotes in a couple of mins. He probably also cheats with bots and scripts.
As a foreigner looking in on American politics, I will tell you who you should vote for and what your country should be doing. -- /r/politics
People on /r/politics **can't** vote
ZING!
Shill bots can't vote.
/r/politics has basically turned into a crowd-supported Clinton investigation fan fiction.
With every comment being "this is it, this is what's going to finally take her down".
I don't know if I'd want Giant Flaming Meteor as a president. I do think he'd make a great running mate for Bender and his platform of kill all humans.
I love his smile. I've watched a couple interviews with him and I was shocked to hear him cussing with this cool young black barber guy. I was shocked Bernie had a relaxed mode.
Bernie Sanders is ALL our grandfathers on this blessed day :)
You would think the people of the "free" world could trust a man who has such a genuine reaction to the beauty and peace of life.
Big bird doesn't vote until July
Just wait until the bird primaries are over, you just wait.
Airhorn.
[Hur hur.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4byx78/crowd_mistakes_small_bird_for_800_delegates/)
Too soon......
America should elect more avian delegates.
oh snap
Wow, that's actually a really good editing job.
I second that notion
You mean to tell me /u/gallowboob isn't the most interesting man in the world?
Yes it's folklore
Yup, 100% false. In fact, I have had multiple wildlife biology jobs which entailed taking baby birds out of nests to band them, take measurements, blood samples, etc. We put them back in the nest afterward and the parents continue to feed and care for them 100% of the time. Depending on what kind of data you're collecting it can take anywhere from 10-30 minutes to process the nestlings, but I'd imagine abandonment could be a possibility if you had them for some inordinate amount of time. The whole "birds abandon babies with human scent" is bull, though. With the exception of some vultures, most birds can't smell very well anyway. Still, it's best to leave baby birds alone because your leaving scent/drawing attention to the nest could attract predators, and baby birds require a fuckton of food to stay alive, so you don't want to disturb them without a good reason.
it's not true! birds have a really shitty sense of smell so they won't "smell the human" on the fledgling. it's all good.
And you're a sanders supporter as well. Can't say I'm surprised ;)
This might be the most GallowBoob post to ever have been.
So annoying I'm actually thinking Mr Baby Man wasn't so bad
Also they up vote anything with Bernie Sanders in it.
/r/all actually
Reddit admins that are deep in the Hillary campaign trying to hide the anti Hillary posts.
Dopplegangers amirite?
> to loathe in I'm trying to figure out what word you meant. Lather? Bathe?
Now I expect to see Bernie landing on this guy's little bird podium.
Can confirm. Am now breeding him to sell online to Bernie supporters.
>to loathe in delicious karma. p sure your phone auto'd "bathe" to "loathe". i don't even know how you get to loathe, do you type with your toes?
Well if there was one single account on Reddit that would actually pull it off, it's /u/GallowBoob hiimself.
I'm not a Bernie fan, I just hate corruption. Think about it this way: if the Republican party had superdelegates--and the majority of those superdelegates were pledged before the first primary, like they were for Hillary--then Cruz would be the nominee today. Trump wouldn't have gained enough steam with all the extra media attention being given to his lead. Now maybe preventing Trump would actually have been a good thing, but the point is that superdelegates tilt the playing field before the game even begins. Pretending that superdelegates don't impact the popular vote is ignorant at best.
You're not denying what the hen is doing, I noticed.
I feel like that line was meant for Dennis.
She's already fooling them that she is frank. Frank will also probably mistake her for him and an armed standoff with himself begins.
Thanks for pointing that out! Fixed :)
aaaaaaaand subscribed
I will support migration reforms that keep flocks together, not separate them
[Degree in bird law] (http://images.fanpop.com/images/image_uploads/Harvey-Birdman-harvey-birdman-2C-attorney-at-law-78415_1600_1200.jpg)
already in the evil clutches of "The Man".
Uh, well filibuster...
Is this circle jerk supposed to be bad? It sounds good to me. A country where you succeed through merit as opposed to money sound good to me.
I will also take your finest milk steak. With a side of jelly beans.
Her squawking is worth 225 grams of feed an hour
He's more like a Canadian Goose. Messy, loud and obnoxious. Then again, I took a photo of a duck a few years back that had a hairpiece just like Donald's.
Dog Cruz got bitches lined up!
Yes.
Wake up, check reddit. Go to work, go on reddit. Before sleep, check reddit
But this is Imgur, so technically he is off Reddit. Are you off pudding? Because you're off putting.
No, that's Donald Trump.
Put your dick in it and find out.
/r/enlightenedbirdmen
You shouldn't be. :)
Not soon enough.
+ =
Seems like he dedicates a significant amount of his time on this. Why the fuck?
In my experience, whenever I see people being extremely hyperbolic and exaggerated about Trump on there (he'll literally destroy the country, he's hitler, etc) about 7/10 times that person ends up being Canadian. It's really weird.
I think they're referring to all the 16 year olds on r/politics that just started paying attention to politics for the first time in their life 6 months ago, but are absolutely convinced they know everything and all of the people old enough to vote are idiots for not liking their candidate.
Honestly as a American you got to realize our votes have a profound effect on the rest of the world.
/r/shitpoliticssays
Americans do a similar thing except it's not a subreddit it's overthrowing whoever was democratically elected resulting in millions dead.
In order to process your vote, please fill out this captcha to prove you aren't a robot.
I decided to visit r/politics after Hillary gained enough delegates for the nomination. Every post on the entire front page was about her emails. Every single one.
Holy mother of god! And I thought that place was bad back when I unsubed.
Except... what is conspiratorial about the email situation?
That's the beauty of Giant Meteor. You don't have a choice.
Yea, he's the kind of guy you can just chill and go to old country buffet with.
I think that was Killer Mike. Not a barber, but definitely a cool guy.
It's from an interview that rapper [Killer Mike](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Killer_Mike) did back in Nov. 2015. [Here](https://youtu.be/LCnrQZbqIQU) is part 1.
Yea but I'm Jewish so I'm one step closer.
speak for yourself
I wonder what Hillary would do if a bird landed near her. I think she's probably melt the bird with her alien ray-gun eyeballs.
Is this satire?
and literally a lifetime past of trying to protect human rights...
Lol he reacted slightly to a bird let's elect him
uh, George Bush Jr spends his days painting silly looking doggies, I don't think that's a particularly high nor accurate bar to judge off of.
I cringed hard.
Yeah not like that cunt Hillary, bet she doesn't even take the time when she wakes up to lay in the morning dew
We're only down 8% in the latest bird poll. We Can do it.
oh thank god, theres a chance! save us birds
Reports are in of massive bird voter fraud. Millions of sparrow ballots go missing.
and without credit? Reddit shall shame you...
Even if he isn't the one holding the bird I see /u/GallowBoob fucking everywhere and that's interesting in itself.
My whole childhood was a lie of not touching birds, not stepping on cracks, avoiding black cats, being told I'm unique and that girls will like me for my personality.
Is it also false for baby bunnies and other baby wildlife?
Oh GallowBoob!
Just a stunt double.
> Pretending that superdelegates don't impact the popular vote is ignorant at best. What evidence do we have that it suppresses turnout? Hillary was leading Obama in superdelegates early on in 2008 FYI.
Sure was
Break up the big grain banks!
[Birdie Sanders 2016](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vhJVNLYq4bA/hqdefault.jpg)
[For everyone in this thread.](http://graphics8.nytimes.com/packages/images/blogs/tmagazine/buzzfeed/06-Upvote.gif)
The American people are fed up with this corrupt pecking order!
Do not ever think to flock off
[Objection your honour!](http://www.birdchannel.com/images/latest-news/avian-attorney.jpg)
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/d0/d8/0f/d0d80fcf0eab4c61e29225f0be9cff1a.jpg
Bird person finds this characterization of his culture offensive.
was expecting charlie. left disappointed. edit: scroll down a bit for kind redditors who come through.
Did you get that thing I sent you?
One of the best shows ever! Glad to still see references. It's sad how many people I've had to tell about it.
Do you...know what that word means?
No, the first two were just more Bernie related bird-puns, and the third was a reference to it's always sunny in Philadelphia. But yes, Bernies platform is pretty great
It's amazing how using the analogy of birds makes it starkly obvious how ridiculous it is some people get exponentially more than others for the same thing.
I don't.
You made me google dick nipples earlier today in class. It was weird. Now I'm pooping, back at home. Good day, sir.
Its hosted on imgur but this here is reddit friendo
A trump vagina?
Well, I took a closer look and can really see where it's cumming from.
That's a real strange place over there
Woah, they have been around for over three years. I always thought it was based on the bird man character from Rick and Morty, but apparently not.
Just wow. Might be the strangest sub I've ever seen
SKRRAAAAWWW
According to the new pew poll, Canadians are like second most likely to see Trump as favorable in the western world, second to Hungary. I may be remembering the place wrong, but it was 14% compared to 3% for Greece, etc. It was up there.
Who said they were taking about America? Think of all those terrible people that are going to move to Canada if he's elected!
That does not matter at all. What americans should be voting for is whats best for america, not whats best for other countries.
r/politics front page right now almost is completely Clinton/Lynch/DNC threads, only 2 of them are not.
Be glad you got out when you did. Not only is every front-page article the same, but the comments are all the same too. A few months ago there was at least some semblance of discussion (though it was clearly weighted). Now the circlejerk has complete primacy, and nobody else even bothers to post anything off-script... which the circlejerk uses as proof that there are no good dissenting arguments.
Not the email situation but there's people seriously claiming the Clintons had a guy killed with a barbell because he was going to testify against them. He had nothing to do with them and was being investigated for bribery.
It's been pushed as more of an issue than it actually is. Yes, there was a breach of policy. It also seems like it was done by multiple people in the position over the past few years, and no actual hack came from it. Nobody worth their salt would tell you an indictment is likely, yet that sub seems insistent it will happen any day now.
The thing about conspiracies is that they actually do exist sometimes. Shame that the word has an instant negative connotation for it's user.
Ahh yes, the ol' buffet and chill.
Bernie Sanders is ALL my grandfathers on this blessed day :)
Demand a campaign contribution and sell it a gun.
They didn't poll that, so she would be a deer in headlights.
She was a Goldwater girl not a ray-gun girl.
Not sure if satire
Th bird would mysteriously commit "suicide" the next day.
God, I hope so.
"and if you take into account how much birds like him you can see he's winning in a landslide!"
A bird doesn't count his eggs before they hatch. It might look like 1900 eggs but who knows, might be 3400 birds in there
In bird culture, this is considered a dick move.
[I think we need to consult an expert on bird law](http://i.imgur.com/khYTiAU.jpg)
That would be bird election fraud.
The top 1% of the earliest birds get 60% of the worms! We gotta do something!
T-SHIRT
Is it a cuckoo bird?
[ I object to your objection!] (http://imgur.com/qtzxQkP)
It's all really quite complicated.
Bird law in this country is not governed by reason.
https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/d0/d8/0f/d0d80fcf0eab4c61e29225f0be9cff1a.jpg Credit /u/samamabish
If we act out American politics using bird puppets, we will get to the truth!
Idk if anyone caught your super sly bird pun in there but I want you to know it didn't go unnoticed.
Oh damn it's Mr. GB. Are you a single poster or are there many people using your account?
You and your dank posts
Daaamn Gallowboob back at it again with those dank memes.
Good choice. Why would you want to go to the "real world" when you can post dank memes on reddit.
Yes you do.
We know!!
meirl
We all know *you* don't. Hey when you went to the meetup, were you on Reddit mobile, or did you actually enjoy yourself since you knew the pic of the meetup would be enough karma?
We know, Mr. Boob. We know.
is your username some dark, roundabout way of telling us you beat breast cancer?
I need you two to fight to the death. Think of all the karma you'd get
LOL. Shit everyone knows GallowBoob.
A legendary meetup.
I'm pooping too, brother
Sounds like something a mudman would say...
SCRAAAAAAW FILTHY MUDMEN
I think they are plotting something.. I don't trust birds, because in most cases, /r/birdsaredicks.
What, no love for /r/dragonsfuckingcars?
/r/FearMe
#Epilepsy Warning /r/ooer /r/ooerintensifies
Hieroglyphics are making a comeback
According to a recent poll, 100% of Canadians will not be voting for either Trump or Hillary.
Spoken like a true American
But history has shown that isolationism doesn't work. When we go into turtle mode, it doesn't make the outside world go away. Countries and people still will look to America, and whether they see us as the land of opportunity or the great satan largely depends on our elections and policy votes. Like it or not, who we elect to represent us and the beliefs we turn into law do matter, globally. We have set our sights from the beginning to be the greatest country in the world, and you know what Spidey says about great power. We have a responsibility to think about the rest of the world...and to find Uncle Ben's killer.
As a world superpower who has a great deal of influence over other nations, we have a duty to do what's best for the world and not just America.
Plus it's literally 20 links to the same story. On the other hand, 7 state primary victories and the Democratic nomination for Hillary get lumped into a single megathread.
Do people actually talk about politics in r/politics or do they just talk crap about the candidate that the majority of them don't like most of the time?
I thought you were exaggerating, now I know I should go to bed worried about weirdos taking over my favorite subreddits. Thanks /u/darexinifinity
Yes they are true sometimes, but the vast majority of the time they aren't. The balance of probability dictates that the conspiracy theorist is probably a gullible, mentally ill moron.
/r/ImGoingToHellForThis
GOOD grandfathers that charmed a generation and our friends the spinach and the fool's figleaf.
Dolt.
Yeah because she's the pro gun one not Bernie "NRA bought and paid for" Sanders
No, the bird litmus test is sacred. Ignore a person's experience, knowledge of the issues, and believably of their platform - vote for the guy who was nice to a bird. Oh, but any woman voting for Clinton is just voting with their cooch. #BernieOrBust
"Damn low information ravens."
87% birds hatched between 2 and 5 days ago vote for Birdie.
That's because birds can't count.
All of Rick's moves are dick moves
This thread, is why I Reddit.
Wall Street vultures have been picking at the bones of our economy while Washington fat cats sit idly by, licking their lips. Our values are nested in being birds of an American feather and we WILL flock together! MICEIS threatens the middle east, but we shouldn't break our good eggs for someone else's omelet. Their extreme wings will be foiled and their head cut until they are running around in circles!
I like this one the best :]
F-filibuster
Hummingbirds are legal tender though.
ah.. thank you the both of you. But im going to watch the episode again regardless. :D
Where did the elected representative of the people touch you? Show it on this puppet.
We're just one person :)
Hes a single poster looking to meet a lovely single lurker.
This sounds like a modern day Hatfield/McCoy fued....but one that dates back centuries... ....I am thoroughly and legitimately intrigued.... I think I must subscribe to both.
..... I'm gonna leave now. I fear I may have stepped outside of my comfort zone
...what am I looking at?? https://youtu.be/fgOaT4xzdvo
Jokes on you, I'm a dual citizen.
To be fair, when we vote up here, we don't give a shit about what the impact on America will be.
r/Murica
The thing is, reddit dislikes reposts and challenging the hivemind so after your first visit to /r/politics EVERYONE should be of the same opinions regarding politics, and since everyone's in agreement actual discussion would be saying something that's already been said, because if everyone believes it, it was obviously already debated to death and all the arguments for or against a position were examined thoroughly to generate the hivemind's current view. On the other hand, people like hearing that other people agree with them so people just say things they already stated but in a different way so it sounds unique, which is all you need to pass the anti-repost filters.
Filibuster!
Everyone on reddit is GallowBoob except you.
Which one of your personalities said that?
The royal we, you know, the editorial?
As soon as you become the Autarch, you begin speaking in the third person! GIVE ME YOUR PHALLUS VIAL!
https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/8/8a/Plance_ability_juxtapose_03.mp3 (loud sound warning)
The Many-Faced Poster
Can you show us your ass again?
Shit man you could make so much money off of all your success, just start posting ads for companies and you'll be a millionaire in seconds
Negan?
What do you spend all that Karma on?
Why am I not surprised?
Is your goal to hit 10 million? You know what's even cooler than 10 million karma? A Billion!
...Are you Legion?
SKREEEEEEE! PECK THE FILTHY MUDMEN IN THEIR EYES! CAWCAWWWWW!
CACAAAAAWWW THE MUDMEN HAVE FOUND US!
Sounds like you just haven't been brought enough freedom yet, move along before we "find" WMDs at your house.
GB is everywhere except EU.
Can confirm, I'm GB as well
He's the Dread Pirate Roberts of Reddit. The real GallowBoob has been retired for 15 years, living like a king in Patagonia.
I'm not. I'm just upset because I thought my /r/skyrim post might hit #1, but mean Mr. GallowBoob had to sweep in. Now I'll go cold and hungry this wintah. Edit: /u/GallowBoob is a real nice guy.
[removed]
No this is Patrick
You just said that to GB. Paradox?
True
This is too meta
[HERE](http://www.karmalb.com/) are the current leaders in the karma world of Reddit Edit: Lol, I am ranked 2,933rd in comment karma. Didn't realize you could search yourself until now
/r/dota2 is leaking again. https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/d/d5/Meepo_move_36.mp3
He voted yes, for the Boobext?
What kind of fucked up key word algorithm bullshit is going on that this just got 11,000 upvotes and top of the front page outta nowhere.. It's a fantastic title and a great picture, absolute stud of a thread but /r/conspiracy Gallowboob and dick nipples are in cahoots I seen't the pic with shirty watercolour this feels like true detective season 3
Bloody brilliant.
Side note, although I know this won't get visibility art this point, your comment is brilliant.
It's a shame this comment is so far down
On this blessed day, we are *all* Gallowboob.
No, I am Spartacus!
I'm actually Thon Maker
Ha that's pretty neat. Edit: until I searched my own name :(
10,000+ upvotes in less than 2 hours must be a record; even for /u/GallowBoob!
It's probably going to get downregulated though
Cunt.
oh!!!!! my!!!! god!!!
Best post on reddit in a while. Thanks OP.
they be robin him
Damn reddit is really feeling the bern today.
It's one of the stages of grief.
That bird looks like he's gonna get visited by the ghosts of christmas sometime soon
Only a matter of time before Birdie Sanders gets it's own doppelganger.
Birdie Sanders, held up by Hillary Cleanyournails.
I don't know, the bird reminds me of Larry David
Adorable pic. I have to ask, did you make sure the bird got put back into a safe place where its parents could find it and continue feeding it?
A balding Albird Einstein.
looks more like the High Sparrow.
HAH! "Tuft" in the head...
Are you in need of assistance?
just trying to get verified to sell my panties and so i need to post every other day for two weeks pay no attention to me but this bird makes me cry
And all of reddit ejaculated!
He needs an "I am not Bernie" shirt.
Free bird seed for all! Affordable nesting!
That's definitely the High Sparrow.
That bird looks like he's traveled the world twice.
This is my favorite thing for today.
...
a picture of a bird
God bless America
Cute!!
That's one chubby hand!
Rather vote for the bird than Hillary or Trump
i worry this is going to turn into the reddit version of "Troll Hands"
I found a bird just like that in my backyard and also named him Birdie Sanders! He died though.
Remarkable.
Bernie lookalike posts are doing well today!
This reminds me of a popular song about [Berti Vogts](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=YNzB0xBrMVY) (former German national soccer team trainer). Oldie but Goldie
Can we talk about that hand?
...Well, he does have an equal chance of being the democratic nominee.
Looks more like Danny Doveito.
High septon bird
Birdie Sanders 2016!!!
/r/birbs
I ate this worm this morning, it was yuuuge!!
I cannot love that berdie any more.
Amazing.
Doctor Birdsconovitch
Well, we know who's going to be another victim of the bird flu.
"I am mildly displeased with the circumstances laid before me." - Bird, probably.
Don't know what more impressive. The surprisingly 'Bernie like' bird. Or the fact that you caught him.
Looks a bit like Danny DeVido
You have to take half of what little hair he has left to make it legit.
"we must end this madness that is the birdy establishment! Why should the top one percent of the trophic levels be getting all of our collective energy? Place a tax on predatory birds!"
Could you ask him where is my money?
I like Bernie , but thats funny
Bernie Sanders? Bird? Reddit? You hit a damn goldmine Gallow...
#BirdieorBust #BernieorBust
More like birdy David http://www.famousbaldpeople.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/larry-david.jpg
Top 1% of birds have the majority of the seed
The early Bern gets the worm
We also would have accepted Ludwig von Birdthoven
In the hand, it's worth at least two Georges.
sometimes your doppelganger gets too famous
Birdie Sanders. He's no fly by night politician folks
To the top with him!
"Not me, Flock" - Birdie Sanders
Strange birds alighting on podiums illiciting a saccharine sense of self rightousness is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical avian synchronicity. You can't expect to wield supreme power just 'cause some feathery twat took a shine to you!
This needs to be made into a Looney Toons character.
Just more karma to sacrifice to /u/gallowboob
Fuck, he looks just like him. . . .
Martin Van Birdie.
he hasn't sold out his ideals yet tho
He's here to break up the big beaks!
My dad named my bird Bernie because it sounded close to Birdie...
"The top **ten percent** of the top **one percent** own more bird feed than the rest of the bottom percent!"
ALL NEW WORMS ARE GOING TO THE TOP 1/10 OF ONE PERCENT. THIS IS A DISGRACE TO THE AVIARY COMMUNITY!
THE COST OF MIGRATION IS SO HIGH, MANY YOUNG AMERICANARIES HAVE GIVEN UP ON THEIR DREAM OF MIGRATING.
SCREEEEEEEEEEEEE
Alas we have the defender of equal flights.
Would probably make a better president too!! Hmmmm :-)
I'd like to point out that OP is gallowboob, per usual making the front page. How do you even think of this stuff?
That bird in the hand is worth two of the Bush's.
Nice
[removed]
/u/GreenPanda420, your comment was removed removed for the following reason: * Instagram links are not allowed in this subreddit. To have your comment restored, please edit the instagram handle out of your comment, then send a [message to the moderators.](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/pics&subject=Request to restore comment by /u/GreenPanda420&message=This [comment](https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4qo3ia/i_shall_name_him_birdie_sanders/d4uofav?context=10\) was removed for containing an instagram link.) *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/pics) if you have any questions or concerns.*
That has to be his podium bird.
That's clearly Larky David
Lyin' Ted Cuckooz
[Represent](http://i.imgur.com/WxjSlU0.jpg)
Expression on bird's face, "This is my life now."
Is it some kind of cuckoo?
BIRD BIRD BIRD BIRD IS THE WORD
I vote for him.
Equal distribution of seeds
He's finger licking good
That bird who landed on his podium that time must have returned to the flock with the Word of Bernie. Now they all have the same hairstyle.
Omg. This is soo adorable! <3 It has his hairdo and everything! How appropriate.
The bawk stops here.
This post is going to be yooj. It's headed for the front page, 27 upvotes at a time.
It's the High Sparrow!
Polls show that bird beating Trump by a large margin.
That's instant front page material right there!
A bird would be better than Trump or Clinton.
That's B.S.!
Fucking hilarious bro! You should be a comedian!
"We. need. to make. biiird seeds.. FREE!"
bErdie sanders FTFY
There was a time when this was in good taste.
I'd vote for him
Favorite. Bird. Ever.
if your a bearnie bird you should have the right to marry a blujay i mean blacks used to not have rights.. but you cant own an assult rifle because we don't want birds to have to many right now do we..
1% of the birds are getting 90% of the seeds!
haha, "you are feeling the birb"
That bird, fucked.
YES!!!
[relevant](http://imgur.com/glKf2J8)
Well that's definitely better than 2 in the *cough*Jeb*cough* Bush!
You won the game, sir.
Awwwwwsome.
Fantastic!!
Hey, Doc, What happened to you!?
A bird in the hand is worth socialized medicine and campaign finance reform in the bush?
Now you just need to take him to Colonel Sanders
Yes!
Birdie Sanders wants to fly free, but the big bad hand of the DNC is holding him back
When /sandersforpresident see this pic they will be like [Imgur](http://i.imgur.com/NoEgT93.gifv)
I see sanders had sex with that bird.
Birdy McBirdFace
I wanted to upvote this, but I saw the upvote count was at 11111 and I didn't want to be the one to ruin that...
You telling me this bird steals everyone's seeds and replaces them with Styrofoam packing peanuts?
That bird has the same exact odds of becoming POTUS as Bernie does.
Feel the Berd!
Albird Einstein.
Straight out a political cartoon. That big hand is the media or something, right?
Wait *the media* is constricting Bernie? Is this what you're saying?
GB uploads and 11k upvotes in 2 hours...
Feel the bird.
Can someone photoshop the "Not Bernie" the shirt onto him please?
First post I've ever seen with over 11,000 upvotes!
*"Got $5?"* - Bernie Sanders
Id say he also looks like the high sparrow
The High Sparrow lives
why does this has 11000 upvotes
free bird poop on your car for life
Nope, this is real.
Danny Devito would also be appropriate
hahahahaha someone send this to bernie
Let all poop freely
Complete with scowl.
He wants to raise minimum wage so more people can feed him bread.
That is a young bird i believe
That's definitely not it's natural feather formation...that human probably edited them himself....THIS DOES NOT DESERVE FRONT PAGE.
Holy fuck this is good.
" I thought the Eagles(Bush) economic policy was a disaster. We lost 500,000 private sector nest(jobs) during his tenure." - Birdie Sanders
ok now kill the dame thing. anything that looks like Bernie needs to be blown off the earth
The bird is dead now from grabbing it but it didn't die in vein! He did wonders for OP's karma
Only on Reddit would a post this retarded get more than 11K upvotes...
"Bird feed for everyone!" -Birdie Sanders
It's a fledgling Barn Swallow.
Wow you have a lot of karma
"*Worms for everyone*"!!!!! -- Birdie Sanders
.
It's the High Sparrow!
Why are you choking it?
Free acorns for everyone. Doesn't matter who pays.
oh man, so hes gonna get donations for 230 million and lose to Hillary Clitoris
This has been a birdie sanders message paid for in bird seed by the birdie sanders campaign.
I'm struggling to make a Larry David bird pun (Birdie David is weak sauce). Someone help your boy out.
Worms are a right, not a privilege.
"FEEL THE CHREEP" -Birdie Sanders campaign slogan
I'll call him "Tendies".
You shall never catch a wild bird like that
How do people still not know how to use commas?
"I'm an expert in Bird Law!"
Wow. OP lives on reddit. I hope you get paid for the amount of time you put into this place.
He looks a little like the doctor from Back to the Fu
Lol!
Fucker probably wants free food for everyone.
There should be a subreddit for this stuff. I propose /r/AnimalPoliticians
I'm seeing symbolism here...the hand of Hillary preventing the flight of Bernie Sanders.
Doc brown
Nice picture that isn't yours
Perfect.
The boob that gallows
Ok you win
Okay shit. I'm way late to the party and don't think anyone will see this but dammit if I can't tell my story! So I went to a Bernie rally in Portland. As some of you may know, that is where the bird landed on the podium whilst Bernie was giving his speech. My friend saw the bird flying in the rafters **WAAAYYY** before it landed on the podium and she said "Look it's Birdie Sanders" and preceded to tweet this. I am a firm believer that my friend, and myself as an extension, were the first to coin Birdie Sanders before the media used it. The End.
I can attest, this is the same Birdie Sanders who landed on the podium!
Is he related to high sparrow Bernie?
"it's brown and made of twigs, about five years old, I have a small nest. It is one of the smallest nests that they make."
Oh shit, I'm dead X'D
CORPORATE BILLIONAIRES!
He was then released into freedom! Before getting caught and torn apart by a neo-liberal hawk.
"We need to tax the hawks!" "We need an equal redistribution of seeds!"
Also looks a bit like Redd Foxx.
Reminds me of Doc Emmett Brown from the Back to the Future movies!
There's a "Two in the bush" joke in there somewhere.
>[It killed my chicks but it's my duty to feed it anyway.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuckold)
Where is the Trump rat?
I got a birdie too. Found him outside. http://i.imgur.com/YFrdo7L.jpg
GOD DAMNIT GALLOWBOOB
Best thing I've seen all day today! Excluding that Bioshock remastered collection!
Doesn't look like he can fly on his own.
At least he won't be constantly pecked at to show his bird certificate like Bahawk Obama
"GTFO me" -Birdie Sanders
I feel like we need to be kept up on the event of Birdie Sanders life at least through the election
Black Bernie
I am surprised this does not have gold with as much upvotes it has already.
NO REFUNDS
That's worth, at least two others....
I always wonder how the Reddit Gods decide, "That one...that will be the highest post today"....
I think the fine folks over at /r/enlightenedbirdmen would probably enjoy this.
Is this CommaHorror's alt account?
As Bernie Sanders did his best to support US citizens, looks like "Birdie Sanders" is running to support all bird citizens in the US. Hopefully he'll stay in the race. Universal birdcare anyone?
Can someone Photoshop shop Bernie landing on the bird's podium?
Sanders + GallowBoob = rekt
From a birds eye view, this is Islamic radicalisms
He'll make birdseed free for any young bird out there
Needed https://imgur.com/a/ZqOCH
Albird Einstein
Well if he's a communist then its accurate..
The high sparrow was too obvious, huh?
Dee rips on herself and no one says anything?
I can't wait to see a Bernie sanders land on his podium!
CORPORATE BILLIONARES
Fuckin' Gallowboob.
You want to get mites? Because that's how you get mites.
Bird is the word!!
The Low Sparrow with an arm of the Faith Militant.
Paging r/enlightenedbirdmen
That's bird's going places. BUH-COCK!
I love this
Cool repost bro
Two Bernie Sanders doppelgangers reach the top of the front page in one day? DAAAAUUUUMMM
Do you suppose there's a similar looking bird with a sweatshirt that says "I am not birdie"
Feel the birdn
You have him in the palm of your hands...just like the establishment has shillary in their hands.
cute little guy
Yeah get a load of this guy over here. Dr. Knows Shit About Ceiling Fans. Let me tell you a bit about my background. I ve had the ceiling fan since I was in the 5th fucking grade. I may have lost the remote for it years ago but believe me I know this baby inside out. I don t know what the fucking a ball bearing is. I ve never seen one and frankly it sounds like bullshit. Believe me when I tell you, I don t have any patience for people who come into my life pretending to know shit about what goes on in my life. Think for a fucking moment before you come to me with this pedantic nonsense about ball bearings. Have you ever been to my house? seen my ceiling fan? I sincerely doubt it because I haven t had friends over to my house since the Bush administration. Thats a very narrow window of time in which you could have seen my ceiling fan. And even then you probably hadn t completed your course at the fucking ceiling fan academy. I worked at Home Depot for almost two years and I can tell you I spent my time in the department with the ceiling fans. I actually spent most of my time in the garden and patio section, but believe me, we had fans out there, big industrial ones. They kept us cool and I never heard a single fucking thing about a ball bearing. Please get fucked.
Albert Einstein: Bird Edition
You have tiny hands
I'll just leave this here https://www.patreon.com/probirdrights
Don't put him on a podium, an old man might land on it.
Not if you want him to win the bird race you won't.
Not Birdie McBirdface?
Feel The Bern Flip The Bird
you do know that Heck isnt a bad word right?
Calling r/photoshopbattles
I'm gonna build a birdbox, it'll be YUUUUGE
[I think we have a very important topic to discuss](https://vimeo.com/161264325)
Thank you reddit, fit your daily bounty.
Next we'll see posts showing this little guy in a "I'm Not Birdie" jacket, mark my words!!
I saw this this-morning on Bernie Sanders Dank Meme Stash on Facebook. I wish I would have reposted it... ;-)
I am really surprised no one has photoshoped the "not Bernie Sanders" t-shirt in there
Man, i saw this on facebook first. That never happens. Combo of reddit sucking the past year and bernie sanders dank meme stash being the hottest spot on the internet.
Birdman would approve
Haha - this is amazing! We cannot continue to have the top 1% of sparrows constantly taking the worm from the 99% of early birds.
The perfect circlejerk topic...
I was thinking Larry David -> Larry Bird
Top of the front page for some ridiculous reason. All I can think about is the comma aberration.
It's another sign...Bird people and Sneeple are coming!
Love this
I just ctrl-f'ed "in the bush" and got nothing...wow
Real fucking original
nice guy
HE HAS MY VOTE!!!
This hand doesn't know what it's like to be poor. It doesn't know what it's like to live in a ghetto.
Lol! Look at the nails.
Proof! It hasn't had its nails did! #NotPoor #NotGhetto #WhiteHandPrivilege
Albird Einstein
This bird looks like doesn't even give a fuck it was caught.
I did it reddit http://imgur.com/pZbiyCd
goddamn gallowboob, I want to not like your stuff but its always good
Get a picture of him on a bird feeder with a chubby crow
this is the best thing I've seen in years.
This is most definitely the high sparrow.
A
The High Sparrow.
Takes me back to [this](https://i.sli.mg/wdB8Bl.png) tender moment.
He's coocoo alright
Getting squeezed by the system again
15 worms an hour
The kids these days with their twitter and their Angry Birds and their baseboard heating...
"The top one birdcent of the one birdcent!"
He chirps against accepting bird feed from fat Cat farmers and then endorses another bird who thrives off of bird feed from fat Cat farmers.
Hahahahaha Good ine
For some reason the bird will not get out of the house
You gotta nurse it quick! Too late for Bernie tho!
Makes one wonder about Bernie's pass times... just sayin....
Now throw him and the ground and step on him? No, no....I meant...Let him be free!
lmao
One in the hand is worth 2% in the bush.
This is some 9gag level title right here
**Hey man make sure you KEEP A CONSTANT EYE on your baby bird as they can die very easily and quietly without you knowing. That is what happened to mine. I cried a lot. :'(**
Lol
Don't name it, it's going to die now that you touched it. Nice work.
That fucking bird
You want to get sick because that is how you get sick
nice to see people still like him, though his campaign is dead.
Will it end
He's a bird of the people.
Shit, he ain't givin you nutin for free.
I approve of this bird.
The upper 10 percent of the top 1 percent gets all the sunflower seed and we are here getting the little round piece that no one knows what they are!
r/enlightenedbirdmen is going to flip!
Congratulations; you've found the karmic singularity.
I think he's going to do social redistribution of the bird seeds.
How did you catch a bird like that
I see what you did there lol....However maybe this Sanders might win something big :(
Maybe Birdbert Einstein
Certain upvote factory
Looks birdshit insane.
That's beautiful
The smile was there in seconds
It's uncanny. I was trying to think of a bird pun. In-canary?
I must say, your title game wins you the internet for the day, slow clap for you good sir
I just noticed OP has ogre hands.
Hillary finally got her revenge on Bill and screwed Bernie
Or high sparrow
You win 10 Internets today.
The funny part is that the fuzz indicates that this bird is very young rather than old.
Canary David
The down votes are real with this one...
Why are you picking up birds?
Looks like doc brown
Bird is the word
The bird's having none of this shit
i died at this
The best.
Just wondering how the bird ended up in your hand and hoping it flew away after the photo shoot.
Took me a while to realize after finding out about this site; the content is so much more entertaining when you sort default subs comments by controversial. Don't worry little lefties, a rising tide raises all ships. You'll be basking in beautifully legal immigrant pussy and champagne soon enough.
i heard these birds taste good when you boil them for a broth
I think he looks a bit more like Birdy David
http://i.imgur.com/USzD2jy.jpg
Try pronouncing "Bernie Sanders" with a clogged nose (or pinch your nose) "Birdie Sanders".
Um, so this post has gotten over 800 downvotes in the last 10 minutes....
Reddit's algorithms fuzz upvote numbers to deter brigading.
he looks pissed.
http://imgur.com/DvVE7RV
Hahahaha
Patanga
#NO REFUNDS#
Looks like my very own that i have lol how cute
I have never known a baby bird to not look like this.
How about a Trump animal next! Ideas . . . ?
I really hope this is the same bird that was on his podium
"I wonder if a fall from this height would kill me"
I don't understand why Trump is the one ridiculed for his hair, Bernie's is much more ridiculous.
Cause he's not trying to downplay his baldness
But it doesn't really look that bad, it's your average style for a man with grown out but thinning hair Sanders just says, "fuck it" and looks like a cartoon character that got electrocuted
Ahhhhh, thank you!
Well, owning it is always better than being the "rich dude with fake hair" stereotype i guess. Might also have to do with the fact Trump is way less likeable than Sanders to most people, beyond voting for him or not.
**Thanks for the donations goyim!** *Bernie rubs hands greedily together and runs off with the matched wives sons donations*
Birdie Seeders!
Showed the gf, and she says she's seen this on FaceBook already.
inb4 liberal cluck meta
errmergerd
Release me.
Hell hang around your feeder and never leave even after all the seed is gone
so cute
"We simply can no longer tolerate the top 1/10 of 1% of doves getting all the birdseed, while the lower 99% of pigeons suffer!" - Birdie Sanders on Urban Bird Equality
What's a birdie?
NO REFUNDS CHURP CHURP
Can anyone explain why I saw this post at over 10k and its dropped to 6.... I see this a lot in front page posts
https://pics.onsizzle.com/i-am-not-bernie-my-landlord-is-not-bernie-sanders-2433533.png
When your doppelg nger gets too famous
Am I a bad person for seeing Stinkmeaner from the Boondocks instead?
This had 9000 upvotes an hour ago. Holy crap
Crow lives matter
name checks out.
"If you don't be quiet I will hold you like an ice cream cone." -Jontron (paraphrased)
dank
Isn't that dangerous for a baby bird? I thought that kind (or ones that look like that) are very sensitive to scent that a mother bird will stay away and stop feeding if it has been 'tainted' by a human? Honestly I don't know shit about shit. But hey, ya might have popped your bird killer cherry
Eh, this guy will kick your bird's butt... http://i.imgur.com/IAi2Qfv.jpg
Are you 3 years old?
I switched parties for you birdie! Then you went and endorsed *shudder Clinton.
For future reference hold the birds head between your index finger and and your middle finger (imagine a t-Rex hand with the bird in the middle). This prevents you from squeezing its ribs too tight and suffocating it.
That hand. Are you an ogre? Was that bird trespassing in your swamp?
I don't have a witty comment here.
He's worth two Bushs
I definitely did a 'grand dad' chuckle when I saw this.
I honestly didn't expect to laugh that hard, but that bird looks hysterical.
[I will call him ... mini-me](https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/77/16/69/7716694f8931aa5fa9c199721390b368.jpg)
Ill tell you something about Bernie Sanders.
Bleep bloop bleeim just kidding, here to say this has been posted on /r/Summerreddit
Yeah seems about right. Both look homeless and like bums.
Picture of a bird.
This got about 7k downvotes since I last saw it. Weird
Why post this on that sub? GallowBoob is a well-known, prevalent redditor... far from a summer redditor
That's one old ass swallow
Those fuzzies will be gone soon. We named ours albird cause he looked like Einstein. But he flew away :( twas a cool feral
Someone needs to get him a shirt that reads "I am not Bearnie Sanders"
That bird's hairstyle reminds me [more of this guy](http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/bttf/images/0/00/DocPistol.jpg).
No tweeefunds.
would have been worth 2 named bush
Doc Flown
Hey, you! Sit up straight!
How about birdbrain?
Promise people free college and that bird will make millions
And now that bird is dead because you decided to grab it. Good job.
Gallowboob at it again ripping off memes from Facebook groups lol
Kinda sad, it had 11k upvotes, was hoping it would get to 15.
THE NEST WILL BE 'UGE!
Worms for you! And worms for you! and you! and you! FREE WORMS FOR EVERYBODY!
Is that the hand of Hillary?
Nobody cares.
Nobody cares.
I legit(kinda) think Clinton has several thousand reddit bots doing this cause it has also happened on the email leaks, or anything pro bernie
Nah, it's got nothing to do with brigading. Reddit's algorithm fuzzes upvotes to deter brigading. Also, as a post gets more upvotes, it takes more user upvotes to increase the upvote count, e.g. 10 people upvote = +1 to upvote counter. That's why few posts go over 10k upvotes on the frontpage even if there are hundreds of thousands of active users.
Ah, never knew that. Thanks.
Looks like Bernie had sex with the bird that visited him on his campaign tour. Much like Mr Garrison and Cartman's pig
Gross fingernails are gross.
This has to be one of the shittiest novelty accounts I've ever seen
What gave you the idea that I give half a fuck what you think?
Nothing I just wanted to let you know how ~~dumb it is~~ cancer you are
You just wanted to let me know how YOU consider it. Again, I don't give a flying fuck what you think. Back to your gaming, dork.
Does the hand represent the current voting system of the US?
I'd still rather vote for this bird over Hillary.
nobody cares
Superfluous commas for all?
GallowBoob has the ghost accounts he uses to upvote his shit automatically.
/u/GallowBoob where do you find this stuff? Did you do that to the bird for karma? I'm on to you...
I like how photos of people harassing wildlife at the beach (turtles, etc) is met with PETA level scorn and disdain, but this guy clutching a bird that looks like Bernie is A-Ok. It looks like Bernie man!
I guess fish out of water are the only animals that get distressed. /s
No refunds
I'd let it go, if I were you. That bird looks like it would nag all day for free stuff.
Remember that one time an old commie bum tricked thousands of college kids into giving him money on the promise he would give them free stuff?
Has the same amount of brains
Maybe he'll make you pay increased taxes so all birds can have free seed.
He's about to die; but at least he outlived Bernie's campaign
Fuck off, Karma whore
[Hillary](http://cdn1.arkive.org/media/64/6486F384-6263-48F7-8002-4587C937E353/Presentation.Large/Lappet-faced-vulture-displaying.jpg) [Donald](https://usercontent2.hubstatic.com/12518169_f520.jpg)
I fucking love this.
THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER.
Well. This was an awesome first post. Made me laugh
Great, now his mother won't let him back in the nest. Not because you touched him, but because nobody wants a fucking communist in their nest.
Just eat it or let the little guy go.
Still more electable than Trump and Clinton combined.
To be fair, that bird has a much better chance of being president.
FUN FACT: This bird has the same chance to become president as Bernie Sanders.
I need you all to give me all your worms.. then i will do nothing with them and support hillary.... haha suckers
Needs more dandruff. And false promises.
Remember, fuck Hillary Clinton. Vote Trump, Jill, or Gary but no matter what don't vote for that cheating cunt.
Remember to phone bank people!!
oh no... he's ~~a socialist~~ retarded
also known as the Cuckoo
Are you going to go broke donating to him so you can watch him laugh as he throws all that money Hillary, betraying everything he pretended to stand for?
Dude it's a picture of a fucking bird. Not really bernie. Don't be so pathetic. I hate trump but if I saw a bird with his hair piece I would still upvote it. I don't understand all the Bernie attacks. He is out of the race guys. Calm your tits. Besides this isn't even political other than the bird looks like him. Chill out.
I'm not attacking him I'm attacking his dumbass supporters. Stay mad you crying loser.
It even says two phrases 'I'm voting for Clinton' and 'no refunds'
theres a penis in my butthole
Fuck liberals
mr free shit in bird form
Birds like to provide us humans with lots of free shit. Just because it's free though...
Where's the donate button?
I have it
Free birdseed for all birds.
I LOVE IT
What does a communist smell like? I would guess vodka.
Good going, getting your sensical-human odors on him. Now the GOP will never touch him again.
What's a matter, you Sanders fans sore in ur bottoms? Hahahahah!
Crush it
Kill it
Probably one of those birds who never stops chirping in the morning and annoys the fuck out of everyone.
#"HI I'M BIRDY SANDERS! TAX EVERYTHING AND GIVE ME ALL YOUR MONEY! #OH... AND VOTE HILLARY! IT HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL CAMPAIGN. THANKYOU AND GOODNIGHT."
you're retarded
Bernie reincarnated into a bird? So that's what that whole bird thing was about. What an omen.
Larry David?
Has he promised to do something about corporate fat cats?
bye bye birdie?
"I'll tell you who's ruining this country. Twillionaires."
Check
He is bird brained.
I just donated $27 to buy this bird some birdseed, **WHO WILL MATCH ME**
It looks dead.
First time I saw a communist bird
This was every bit the picture I was hoping for when I read that title. Good job OP
This is why I love Reddit HAHAHAHA
much like the real bernie sanders, he will never be president
You won Reddit today, you should be very proud.
Legendary post
*mentally challenged
why not just name him Einstein?? Looks the same.. both jews.. :D
Dawg did you catch a bird and glue your grandpa's pubes to the side of its head?
Probably less annoying and makes more sense than the real deal
***STOP SQUEEZING THE BIRD TO DEATH YOU PIECE OF SHIT!!!***
Because, equal brain size.
Holy shit, I thought the Bernie spam was over after he lost.
Thank God comrade Bernie lost. Only white kids and foreigners supported him.
I bet that bird gets its food from the other birds that worked so hard for their seeds.
That bird that landed on Bernie's podium was trying to get him to pay child support.
Watch your wallet.
Feel the "berd".
Not trying to be a Grammar Nazi, but you don't really need a comma
He'll never give up!
i laughed at this more than i should
He shits all over your hard work too
xD
the worms are going to the top 1 percent of the 1 percent; the Eagles and Hawks are ruining it for everyone else, WORM REDISTRIBUTION MUST BE DONE.
Haha, nice, post, man.
Thanks for the donations. No Refunds! Tweet tweet.
That bird has a good of a chance at being President as Bernie.
"Birdseed lines are a good thing" Birdie sanders
Sucks Bernie sold out, huh?
Hes after your free bird seed.
Sanders is a good name for a chicken..
What is wrong with that hand? It's like a giant bloated baby hand that apparently belongs to an adult.
On it's death bed, can barely move it's wings but still thinks it can fly...name sounds about right.
He's going to get gobbled up by Hillary Catton.
You sir, just won Reddit today.
stay salty dude
Someone make the connection that he fucked the bird that landed on him at the rally and this is his illegitimate bastard
this is literly the best picture on reddit
This bird has a better chance at being president than Bernie
Brilliant!
This is the third post today where I've seen an it's always sunny joke in the comments. Let's keep it up!
Frank's Red Hot. I put that shit on everything!
Perfect
You deserve a lot more upvotes
"I believe in food as a RIGHT, not a privilege" - yogurtdip
Charlie Kelly would handle his affairs in bird law.
That's Colonel Sanders. Secret herbs and seasoning just right for any bird
And what makes you an expert on bird law?
You should tweet that.
What say you we go toe to toe on Bird Law and see who comes out on top?
Why would a bird want to be stuck in a cage. This makes no sense at all.
It says birdcaRe not birdcaGe birdcare=healthcare for birds
Geesz, it's even stupider than I thought.
No
Hawkie Clinton defeated Birdie Sanders though
Typical retard sanders supporter here
[Hilldog is bark raving mad](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hPbgKcQVN_g/maxresdefault.jpg)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uWwVIEAWqjk
How many times did that username worked?
#trumpyourcat
/r/Trumping
I too have a Trump Cat! http://imgur.com/qijVS4m
" I'm gonna build a kennel, and the dogs are gonna pay for it!"
He's even somewhat orange in colour!
But the cage will never be finished because Birdie Sanders will wait around until another country finish it.
Trump Cat vs Birdie Sanders. GET HYPE
No! Vote for [Trump Bird](https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-07/21/14/enhanced/webdr09/grid-cell-8012-1437504005-5.jpg). He will build a cat cage and make them pay for it.
It could be said he literally shaved some hair from his arse and placed it gently on top of his head
> /u/pm_me_ur_asses_girls Of course a pervert is voting for trump
**Make the rats pay for it!**
Too calm. Not orange enough.
So.. Bernie is a mexican. I knew it
[removed]
Wtf is wrong with you.
Oh man, you win Reddit. Have some gold
[We use labour vouchers here comrade](http://i.imgur.com/5YvBqRu.jpg)
Thank you. I shall burn this one for warmth last.
Spasibo, comrade
I laughed for like a minute. Well played.
Hey, what about me?
FULLY AUTOMATED LUXURY GAY SPACE AVIAN COMMUNISM
http://i.imgur.com/LcUqbgG.gifv
This right here should be top comment. Nice one.
Bernie's never said shit about seizing the means of production.
No he hasn't, but as a (sort of) socialist, exaggerating his stances can work in jokes.
I hate to be that guy right now, but you really can't be a sort of socialist, just like a system can't be sort of socialist. Socialism is collective/worker control of the means of production. It either is, or isn't. Also, seize the memes of production!
I know I should get it but I don't
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Means_of_production >the means of production are physical, non-human inputs used for the production of economic value, such as facilities, machinery, tools, infrastructural capital and natural capital. Marx believed that the proletariat needed to rise up and seize the means of production. In this joke, the early bird nationalises industry instead of getting a worm.
Under capitalism, people are divided into the Proletariat (Those who must sell their labor for a wage in order to survive) and the Bourgeoisie (Those who survive based on their ownership of Capital, through rent seeking or buying labor with a wage). The Capitalists own the means of production, enforcing their property rights using the state. Seizing the means of production is the motto of Socialism: Workers seizing control over their workplaces so that they can receive the full value of their labor.
and squeezes it until death
Yeah, he might've earned them, but I should get some because the system is inherently unfair and stuff.
DAE SOCIALISM = EVERYONE SHARES EVERYTHING
I can tell that your understanding of different economic principles is top notch.
When the guy hangs the flag of the USSR in hi office it's not toouvh of a stretch to call the guy a socialist
Yeah but his policies aren't really that socialist.
Hence my vote for Sanders, obviously!
Well, that's good. I would have assumed that your blind hate for economic equality and misunderstanding for how/why different systems work would have led you to vote for Hillary, but I'm glad that you knew differently on at least one thing.
This bird supports heavy regulation of bird commerce, high progressive taxes on worms collected, and large-scale transfer payments of seeds from the more successful/fortunate birds to the less, he must be every economically educated bird's dream, it'll be a birdutopia
Birds already live in socialism, they don't have to pay for the right to harvest worms. They just get as many worms as they can get out of the ground. No Gods no Masters... Birds are free.
Just kidding. MAGA.
[Donald Trumpolini rally](http://www.filminamerica.com/Movies/TheBirds/birds24.jpg)
Keep him away from any lions...
Except it's a Swallow.
I DONT CARE
Shame. Shame. Shame. Confess.
/r/againstkarmawhores
wheres the sub for the losers who care about this shit?
To me it's worth two in the bush.
https://pics.onsizzle.com/Facebook-%C2%B7-0be24e.png I know who I'm votin for!
Is that wrong?
And rightfully so.
[removed]
Your first sentence raises a valid question. The rest of your post and your username leads me to believe that you support that type of person/politician.
I would vote for an animal before Clinton, too.
I ain't even on that sub and I'd vote for the bird instead of her anyday
I know I would
As they should. Hillary is evil.
A bird would be better than Hillary Clinton Edit: Downvote harder. At least I don't support a criminal. Trump 2016.
Id vote for an ugly stone over hillary
Smart move.
Just look at the genuine smile and twinkle in his eye. Make this man president!
I realize this now; it seems as though that the bird simply craves a sip of water.
Jesus their overreaction is so stupid
I feel ya man, I don't like fun either.
Please, over at /r/The_Donald they act like this every time their namesake has a bowel movement.
...and? Those retards are not what we should be comparing everyone to.
Trump supporters have literally nothing to do with this
[Sorry if I triggered you,](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4plnen/come_on_boys_never_forgetti/?st=iq2zkq61&sh=0c95d6a7) but comparisons between political figures are actually a pretty common thing. And, well, mentioning stupid overreactions on top of that is pretty much asking for it.
Thanks for taking the time to go through my history man I'm honored :) > but comparisons between political figures are actually a pretty common thing. I still fail to see why Trump supporters had anything to do with my comment, I really feel like just you got butthurt and offended at my comment about Bernie supporters, so you tried to refute with a comment about Trump supporters, assuming I am one. I'm actually not though, I just tried to get easy karma on the_donald.
Yeah, and it epitomizes the whole "movement's" magical thinking: "The bird was a sign from God! It's meant to be!!!" Except it wasn't a sign for shit because it was all already over by the time that bird showed up. But none of these idiots could see it. It's like a Monty Python sketch.
Nowhere close to how stupid the overreaction's Trump supporters have for Trump though
Trump supporters have literally nothing to do with this
I'd say its about the same. Except Bernie Sanders is a fucking joke candidate who will bankrupt the country, and Trump is a God Emperor who will save it.
Was that sarcasm? Or are you just that dumb and ignorant to know how Trumps tax plan will bankrupt the government for no good reason?
wow, the guy is Jesus himself, now he must walk on the water.
Maybe they're looking up at a screen that better shows what's happening.
It's called cutting waste and spending, you fucking dropkick deadshit. Whereas Hernie will massively increase spending without a corresponding increase in revenue, retard.
Cutting tax revenue from all income levels is cutting wasteful spending? Are you really that fucking stupid to not realize that's a terrible pointless thing for the federal budget? At Least Bernie's expenditures benefit the American people.
Thank you!
Bern the bird
> Feel the Bird Bird is the word...right?
Holy shit that's neat.
and dead.
Why
r/whynot?
Not a fledge, fledges have all their contour feathers in, so they'll look like tiny adults that can't fly. This guy is still a nestling. Also, the whole idea that parents abandon their babies if they smell like humans is bull.
Sounds like Sanders supporters, honestly.
We just had a sparrow fall from our tree. Then I open reddit to see this... so weird.
It's that time of year...
This exact comment can apply to Bernie supporters, too.
Omg Jesus its just for the title.
Garfield?
Oh! I love cat facts.
Did you make that just for this post?
Let's go toe to toe and see who comes out the victor
If its got Bernie in it it gets up voted by ridiculous amounts. This has been going on for quite a while
6k right now. A downvote brigade must have swept through.
I'm confused as well. How'd it go from 12k down to 4.5k ?
Where else but /r/pics If you don't like it, you should have unsubbed months ago
Dude, no.
*The bird who was promised*... to be smart enough to not fly into windows.
;)
Sanders supporters who pissed their rent money down the drain don't have a lot to get excited about these days.
Considering all you do is post on r/the_donald you shouldn't be poking jokes about donating anymore. Considering your candidate is broke and uses most his campaign money to fund his own businesses. Bernie wouldn't have gotten as far as he did without donation. Trump has only gotten far because the media can't stop making fun of him (because he truly is an idiot.) Therefore he gets free air time. But now that he has the nominee he needs more funding to actual stand a chance. While you sit around poking fun at people for wasting money trump is desperately needing funding. It's nothing more than hypocritical to denounce something as silly when your candidate is suffering from the very thing you denounce. Shows how out of touch trump voters are with their candidate. The list of hypocrisy is never ending when dealing with trumps base.
Donald Trump is far from broke
You seem pretty mad breh. How many dollars did Barney scam from you before he endorsed the establishment he claimed to be fighting against? Don't worry though, president Trump will Make America Great Again even for people like you!
So satisfying. Very high energy. Corruption is over. This is the death throws of the radicalized left in this country. MAGA, brosephiroth!
Invoke the name of reddit lord and savior Bernie Sanders.
Were you not here when s4p spammed this damn meme on /r/all for like 2 weeks straight after a bird landed on Sander's podium?
It's funny, perhaps?
Getting a prostate exam is funnier than this
Impressive for a "shitpost" to get 11k upvotes. The community at large found it interesting/funny enough to rocket it straight to #1, maybe you are just out of touch.
Or maybe I'm not retarded.
calm down. I upvoted this pic because I found it amusing. I mean, what's not to love about a white bald haired looking bird? You care way too much about Reddit super users. Are you jealous of him because he gets more karma than you or something?
At my parents farm we kill swallows on site.
WTF What kind of farmer doesn't understand the value of swallows in controlling flies?
Record corrected
Man aren't you a funny one.
[removed]
Yeah that's how donating works. I know he won't win, but your free joke is so unoriginal.
u/jellobob? Someone get it while it's hot
Aw damn, it doesn't load anything on my mobile
He has had higher posts, but they are automatically downregulated by reddit. Otherwise high rated posts would be at the top of /r/all for too long.
Leave it alone. The parents are around and still feeding it.
Yeah, I looked it up and read that it's a fledgling. Left it back out and waited, mom and pop came soon after. I fuckin kidnapped a bird.
Me
came here to see if anyone noticed this... yea wtf?
Too late, I emptied it 8 years ago for Ron Paul gold.
Well aren't we the edgiest of the edge.
Slice nigga SLICE
My sides xD
He's endorsing her after he takes all the donations to the bank.
[Nope.](http://www.factcheck.org/2008/02/leftover-campaign-funds/) Hillary may have the political and financial connections to avoid prison for blatant violation of federal laws, but Bernie sure the fuck doesn't.
But it's all good when Hillary takes money from Saudi's at the expense of the US working class. The donations are going to end up going to the Democrats at the end of the day.
Paid off? please.
As an expert in bird law, surely Charlie would explain to her the legal ramifications of a bird stealing an identity.
I literally cannot express how good this was. You nailed each character's dialog. Enjoy your up vote!
/r/explainlikethegang
In case you guys didn't know, /u/moralanarchy is an anagram for Rob McElhenney.
Congrats! I gave you Reddit Silver! (and a handjob)
i was gonna watch a joe namath documentary but now i miss sweet dee
Excellent work :) that first Dennis comment I totally read in his voice, nailed it.
I read the entire thing in everyone's voice, this script is spot on almost to the t
Dude I cracked up, bravo!
11am. On a Wednesday
Can someone that's not broke as hell give this guy gold.
Confirmed: DEE'S A BIRD!
Do you mean Martin Luther Wing Jr. ?
Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr.
#
You should've went with Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr.
Great.... Now I can't think of his actual name.
"I flew with Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr." Come on now, man...
"I flew with Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr." FTFY
Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr.?
Martin Lapwing Kingfisher
Martin Luther Kingfisher Jr. had a bream.....
Martin Luther Kingfisher
Martin Luther Kingfisher and Dan Quail.
Martin Luther Wing?
And his cousin, Martin L. Kingbird
Sorry to be a party braker, but as much as i like Bernie he didnt wall with MLK in Selma.
Not Dan Quail?
Inscets.
If i had gold I would give it to you.
[Sigh... This will have to do.](http://i.imgur.com/sy9lVl4.jpg)
Typical Trump response
As a Trump supporter, I find this hilarious.
I think you meant Ross Parrot.
To me Donald Trump is totally a Sandhill Crane (The Florida variety). He is loud and won't shut up.
*Crooked Hillary
- President Donald Trump**
Nice try, that isn't a bird.
Your right. Its a man that doesn't live in Lala land.
More like looloo land. Donald Loon.
Come back to me when you have a job and own a house
I'm an employed homeowner...and think Trump is repulsive in every way.
Really?Could you list some reasons on why you think that way?Hiliary is the worst candidate you could vote for, bernie can't get the job done.
Aside from disagreeing with him on nearly all policy-related issues (at least as much as I can given how vague he is), he's vile. He hates women, he hates brown people, his speaking skills are about on par with my toddler's. I don't love everything about Hillary, but I have much more in common with her policy-wise than Trump, and I think she would choose far better Supreme court justices. Even if I liked a few more things about Trump, I could never in good conscious vote for him. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKmhK8G--7c
You're* It's* And Trump lives in his own "LaLa Land".
did you understand the context of the sentence? congratulations. You have no argument looool. ima lick the tears off your face when he wins in november. Then maybe by then youll have a job and a house.
Quite many assumptions there. In the current state of our politics I would not be the slightest surprised if he wins. In fact I dislike him and Clinton. I only feel a lot more hate towards Clinton as she's been bad and possibly a criminal. I don't like Trump or the following he has, however, I feel I would rather he win then Clinton even if it will be a terrible 4 years regardless. I think if he does win it will give people a push to be more active in politics and politicians a kick in the butt to be more representative of the people and the issues that effect them. I'd much rather have Bernie be our next president, but if it takes a Trump to wake people up, then so be it.
He will win lol. Clinton is a criminal. Thats okay, you dont have to like him. You "feel" like it would be a terrible four years. ( Obama lol) Bernie isn't doing anything special, he and his goon Elizabeth warren went against everything they are for. They had a choice between an "outsider" (trump) or the establishment (hililary). Guess what? they aren't what you think they are. They have very nice platforms, believe me I voted for bernie, but when you ask "how" there is NEVER a plan on the drawing board. this whole "grass roots movement" is hilarious. Go ahead encourage the masses to go to local movement, alot more will not get done god, liberals, there is a reason why no one takes you seriously.
Elizabeth was never with Bernie though she seems very much for w.e. is popular at the time I do admit. However, Bernie does know the issues that affect people and he does have great solutions to a lot of the issues he discusses, the main issue was the establishment does not want that change, hence the new movement to change from below. It might not work, it might. Heck if it gets the rest of the young generation to get more involved at least that does something. Hillary has no issues pushed and no solutions other than she isn't Trump, and Trump imho is in "lala land" like I said earlier only because he's starting to Flip Flop like ol' Mittens did. However, if he keeps up the speeches about Hillary like he did earlier this week I have no doubt he will win. She doesn't really have any good excuse for any of her scandals. And comes across more arrogant each time she belittles and says people should get over them.
Where did he say he hates women? Hilary is backed my middle east countries that kill gays and enslave women. I guess thats okay if its not happening to you right? Does he fumble over his words like Obama? maybe he should have mini strokes like Hillary while talking. If you seriously think her policy's are good, wow. have you honestly looked into them? you are for the "big guy" Shes corrupt, she is literally a criminal, she got Americans killed. Are you serious? Sorry your feelings are hurt, that doesnt mean he hates women lol. I'd advise you to really put aside feminism and really look at the issues. Of course you can vote for whoever, but your are bullshit out of your mind if you think hiliary has good polices.
It would have made sense of she did. But they were both "anti-establishment". Then they bowed to the establishment. Why can't trump know issues that affect people? Why is just because his name is "trump" he cant know? The grass roots system will not work. Change does not come from the bottom, thats how you get things to stagnant. You can't steer a car while being in the trunk. I really wish the younger generation would think for themselves. Like i said I supported bernie but I turned because of how toxic the left has gotten. I don't believe either party has it right, and no i dont agree 100% with what trump says. But you dont see trump supports hurting people or calling people "racists or a bigot" just because they "think" he is. I'd like to know what he flipp flopped on. If you are an american in any sense of the word, you should realize that hiliary clinton should be in jail. This whole "bernies not going to win so vote hiliary" is so backwards in its thinking that it scares me for this country. It shows people aren't doing the research they need to do, so they can be an informed voter.
You know nothing bird snow
You sir and/or madam, are the winner
[Slithery Clinton](https://i.sli.mg/FhX1Th.jpg)
I don't get it I just see two pictures of trump
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaay too perfect. Guess which one said "I'm going to build a stall."
Thank you. I haven't laughed that hard in a long time.
Pictures like that are why he started wearing that stupid hat.
nailed it
Which one's the GOP nominee? I always get those two mixed up.
http://imgur.com/RinGf1Y
I guess you can say he's a horses cunt...
Why did someone take a picture of a horse's asshole.
And both blow hot air!
Unfortunately I don't think anything in this world could resemble her hideousness (I know that's not a word but I don't care).
Colonel Communism.
Just want to point out socialism is not communism Americans. Don't mix them up . . .
Bernie Sanders isn't a socialist either, but we're fucking around on a post of a bird here, so who cares
Socialism is worker control of the means of production. The end goal of socialism is Communism : a classless, moneyless, and stateless society. Social Democracy ie: Bernie Sanders, Denmark, is not Socialism. Rojava is Socialism.
A thousand links with a thousands upvotes each is 1 million karma. 8 million is ridiculous
It's unfortunate for Bernie, but most of the Bernie supporters *I* know in *person* didn't think it was important enough to get out and vote in the primaries. One guy I asked said "Eh, I didn't wanna wait in line, but I'm voting for him in November; that's when it really matters, anyways." Another tried to explain that their vote didn't matter, all that mattered was that they donated to his campaign.
It's a real shame because one of the things Bernie wants to do is make the voting process easier. We're never going to get to that point *if people don't fucking vote for it.*
I have to get out of bed to vote in an election
/r/americanpolitics
Thankfully
They vote. Hate this that "upvoting maymays is not the same as going to vote" shit. They vote. They're just an insignificant but loud minority.
I voted
Half of them can't because they're under 18, the other half don't because they're lazy morons.
Don't forget the provisional ballots for anyone not in those groups!
But I have my 'I voted' sticker right here! I actually have more than a few of them stashed away somewhere. Who came up with the idea for those ridiculous stickers anyway?
Which is disapointing, because Clinton's an abomination.
Its their only hope.
Pretty sure being tied to anything developing on the email investigation would only make the DNC more hostile and uncooperative to the leftist independent crowd trying to pull the big tent over to them. Our hope ain't in this election, it's the long game. EDIT: Am I saying something controversial here? What's wrong with what I'm saying? I can't improve without input.
Yeah people should just let that go am I right
Lost what? It hasn't even happened yet.
Lol
Kind of like how Romney hadn't lost the presidency to Obama on election day *yet* right? I mean Bernie already said it doesn't look like he's getting the nomination and they already said they are not pursuing the supers.
Technically hasn't lost yet. I'm praying the FBI hits her
Shoutout to /r/hillaryforprison while you're at it
It's almost as bad as /r/The_Donald. At least it's not a series of memes, I guess.
I wish Joe Biden would be grandfather. I bet hr would call me champ, take me out for ice cream after baseball games and give me his stash of Playboys when I turned 13.
Get a stronger father figure.
Awkward moment when my father isn't in my life
Your comment made it worth it following american politics.
Man, you're cutting deep with that one.
Damn
Nomination was rigged. There's enough evidence for that. The democrats supported Bernie Sanders. Exit polls clearly showed it.
Exit polls fucking suck and everyone knows it.
I imagine ancient England, when a hawk would swoop down and gut a hare in the middle of a public square, and the crowd would cheer because their new king has been chosen by the almighty. You can even see people looking skyward while applauding in that bernie gif. Edit: I think the point of my post was missed. I'm saying the people cheering for the bird are basically medieval peasants who choose their leadership based on coincidence rather than merit.
The best thing about that is that the bird was a sparrow, a symbol of the weak defeating the strong (nobles )
It's a finch. The best thing about this is it's a symbol of how retarded all the bernouts are. Nice try though. The only part you got right was the "weak" part.
Go back to r/the_donald please.
Yeah, because the people who are voting for a criminal and the people voting for a fascist idiot are paragons of intellectualism.
[removed]
Trump is objectively an idiot. How many failed businesses does he have? And I'm not the person that called all bernie supporters retarded.
[removed]
Yeah, his iq is 130, that's why he can't be bothered to note that Scotland voted overwhelmingly to stay while he was congratulating them for leaving ( and forgetting he wasn't in England, of course.) Trump is also basically broke now, so all your little trumpeters better start donating cus he ain't got shit. He himself said he needed to get tons of donations. He's an embarassment.
[removed]
I'm surprised Bernie didn't give up his mic to the bird so it could start squawking and calling all the white people racist.
Oh relax. It was just a fun thing that happened. If it happened to any politician their supporters would circle jerk about it.
First time on Reddit?
No. You see how I used the spelling "cheep"? A "cheep" is the sound that birds make. I didn't mean to confuse you if you are from a place where there are no birds, or people don't use the same word for the sound a bird makes. Anywho, I used the spelling "cheep" instead of the spelling "cheap" because I was making a pun about birds. Pun information= https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pun after you read up on puns and perhaps the usage of the word "cheep" and what it means, I think you will find that the pun that I made was appropriate and almost even funny! Thank you for your time. I appreciate you.
Oh snap. I think my eye autocorrected it to "cheap." I didn't even notice. Sorry :) As you were...
It was itself just a cheap way to get karma. dammit. I feel dirty.
At least spell cheap right, if you're going to be a critical CTR dick.
(Relax guy, the post was just an excuse to use the word "cheep" as a pun...not a diatribe on the nature of karma and authorial intent)
Are you being a pun sucker?
"Thank you Senator"
Goddam it's obviously fake, but it just felt so satisfying.
No it's real, Sanders actually shot Hillary, she just got better
Because it's nearly fully feathered, and barn swallows look very similiar as fledglings as they do adults. They basically look like miniature adults.
The barn in the background! (kidding). The mouth and head shape give you swallow species, and you can see the rusty rufous colors coming in on the throat, chest, and under tail coverts. Juvie because of the short tail, fleshy bill, and the feather tufts that give the Bernie look.
Not if we pass a referendum
Well unless he got significantly more pale recently it's probably not him.
It's not true, if you can safely put the baby bird back in the nest then do so, otherwise it's probably toast
Thanks. After 5 responses I wasn't quite sure but having your 6th opinion sealed the deal.
That would be the joke.
Good lookin, didn't even think of that. Definitely a possibility.
Big Ben Clock.
Quality memes.
They're not even shitposts. They're just shitty posts.
Maybe some people got triggered
Meta with a quickness
Nothing like a party convention when the mutton is nice and lean...
But the existence of superdelegates has tainted the competition from the beginning. They were pretty much all pledged to Hillary before the primaries even began. Of course that tilted media coverage. And media coverage tilts voting results. For all the talk about how Republicans are the oligarchical, back-room-dealing party, Democrats are the dishonest ones at the party level. Superdelegates exist for only one reason: to make sure that the voters don't really matter. There are nearly one-third as many superdelegates as total votes needed to win the Dem primary. When an established, back-room-dealing candidate like Hillary can buy the vast majority of those votes, it becomes nearly impossible for someone else to win. Republicans don't have superdelegates. That's one reason their primaries are messier--they're actually competitions decided by popular vote. Whereas Democrat primaries [are decided in back rooms](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/06/07/why-the-associated-press-called-the-race-for-hillary-clinton-when-nobody-was-looking/). > What happened was predictable on the Dem race. Yes, it was. It's also predictable that the Mafia is going to kill people who threaten their business. That doesn't mean it should be shrugged off. Superdelegates are the antithesis of democracy. I'm not even a Bernie fan; I just really hate double dealing.
In 2008, Hillary started off in the same position - name recognition, backed by the superdelegates, but Obama still won. He convinced people, including superdelegates, that he was the better candidate.
Yes, but he had the race card. Which trumped Hillary's vagina card. And the Clinton family's net worth has gone from almost nothing to 100+ million dollars since then. The Clinton machine today is far more powerful than it was in 2008.
I mean
I agree. He should run 3rd party.
I knew it! You are god-like and you have exposed Birdie! All this while, Birdie was harbouring a super duper secret plan to trick the other animals into giving him an average donation of 27g of bird feed so that he can exchange lots of it to fly to a bird sanctuary to eat fresh lobsters! He knew that he couldn't afford the trip by simply naming those post offices, so he embarked on a journey to trick everyone by promising us free birdfeed in the sky! Catch the latest episode of The Legend of Bernie; the Last hair bender - a documentary expos on the illegality of Bernie's lobster socialism.
Nice troll account name, brah.
No, trolls are entertaining sometimes.
Oh son of a bitch I just turned on my Netflix to find this and it's not even real?
I think you were supposed to read it in their voices. Not the voices of people from a different show.
That "haha" at the end of their sentence was really forced. Seems like they're trying to hard to fit in.
Can I take a picture with your hands over my hands
I'm sorry, this man is lied about his credentials
I **DEMAND** Satisfaction!
Nothing is above bird law.
/r/enlightenedbirdmen would like a SCRAWWWWW with you
Always Sunny reference. Too lazy to link. Reddit will do it for me.
Fuck that shit, profession is crowded as hell as it is.
you karlies support
This Bird is going to claim he will give you all of this and then suddenly switch and get behind the other bird campaign everyone was against.
Lord knows we need more legitimate doctors in this country, with all these Quacks parading around.
And we will give it to you for free! That's less money than the bird brand!
I wonder what President Barquack Obama thinks about this..
The Kingfisher 9000.
It's what they offered!
[potatoe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wdqbi66oNuI)
*I* happen to be an expert in bird law
I'd like to press stalking charges against an albatross
I really was just trying to be clever, and karma wore your comment...no offense, I thought it was great.
Well how cute is regular Ted from 1-10?
Yup... That's the reason they posted it...
Why would anyone ever wanna do that?
What's "OffReddit" and where can I get some?
Reddit gets him off
I feel like at the point where you start recognizing usernames, you might have to ask yourself the same question.
Hehe my classes are over so I have nothing to do all day :P
*sigh* Same here I could be doing **something** with my life... but instead I'm on reddit.
No wby
Last time I asked him this I was downvoted into absolute oblivion. I don't understand you Reddit. And no, /u/dick-nipples does not get off Reddit. At least GB is man enough to show his face and the fact that he actually does shit outside of Reddit. I would eat my sock if /u/dick-nipples actually held a full-time job which requires his undivided attention for 40 hours a week. Otherwise his life consists of continuously checking the top posts of the hour so he can get to be the first to get in a witty comment.
No seriously, I see him in EVERY SINGLE damn thread.
I know, same here. That really is why though. Every 30 mins to an hour he searches what the top trending posts are of the hour and then comments on the top comments within those posts. The comments that gain traction, he keeps. The ones that get buried, he deletes. Technically anybody who has that kind of time and reference knowledge can do it. The thing is, anybody who actually has a life outside of Reddit, doesn't. EDIT: If you don't believe me take a close look at his comment history. It's literally his life to keep it polished.
and of course, [Hillary Clinton aka Gollum](http://img.ifcdn.com/images/a44dc8d79c64f03e6c7999e92f0df50b8501000eb5d6ead2d0b796bc3432a2a5_1.jpg).
Hahah! /u/dick-nipples is the only person I see consistently on reddit &lt;3
it's tough going outside when you have dicks for nipples. lay off the guy.
only when i get so tierd from browsing i pass out
Source: My parents
:(
Me too thanks
Came here to say this
Well it can get back to /r/all again
Stop spoiling things in random subreddits.
U are responding to the wrong person
Is he though? When i read "boom", unless it's prefaced by aloha snackbar, i think of like - Boom. There it is. Mic drop. If you aren't following the story, there is nothing that leads you to think "boom " is related to anything else as explosions don't play much of a role in that series. "Too soon" is the only thing that suddenly makes you think this is a story element and leads you to any spoilery conclusions.
I did consider that. Briefly
That probably doesn't pay as well.
"Here is a lengthy comment about how politics should be in America. And if you made it all the way to the end here is my disclaimer about how I am not American and have no dog in this fight" - /r/politics
As a foreigner, American politics has too much influence on the rest of the world. So you're damn right I'm going to tell them what they should do.
Some of us are. Some of us listen to and consider any good idea regardless of the source.
There's this weird "You're not an American, so you don't get to comment on American politics" attitude that goes around, as if geographic location has anything to do with knowledge of world events and political issues. Not to mention the long-held belief that America is "the greatest country in the world," regardless of being beaten in almost every metric aside from the size of our military. Also, we have this weird aversion to discourse (especially if it disagrees with us), because we don't like changing our views or being told we're wrong. This is true of anyone around the world, but it feels *extra* true for Americans, probably because they use the phrase "god-given right" more than anyone else, so that even the shitty parts of the country become sacrosanct.
On the point about discourse - I think it's a combination of the steady dismantling of the public education systems and people taking attacks on their views as attacks on themselves regardless of how minor.
I feel like a lot of Americans don't realize that from most first world countries' perspectives, USA doing well = others doing well. You seem to be making it sound like we want to destroy the US and invade the remains. We actually just want to avoid financial crashes and loss of human life and rights. Yes we have a different perspective and obviously quite different values (for example I can't see dynastic politics ever being a thing in my country, our current PMs son is a DJ...), but surely it's still useful to consider our views?
you are right. as a Canadian i learned to STFU about american politics shortly after you guys elected bush for the second time. i spent that entire year telling anyone who would listen that he was going to ruin your country if you re-elected him. i got called a foreigner a lot during that time... but who knows. maybe i am wrong. i am sure you guys are going to stumble upon saddam's hidden WMDs any day now.
Well obviously Americans don't know who to vote for nor what their country should be doing, maybe foreigners actually do know better.
Highly doubt it.
Well, no. I concur. A large portion of our voting populace are idiots (middle aged white conservatives that have passive aggressive teen angst towards minorities who do better than them) and think it's reasonably possible to have a 1950's "American Dream" way of life by doing diddly squat. They fail to see which direction the world is moving and, thusly, is the reason why everything is 40 years out of date. A huge example is our rail system. They think that by choosing to reverse all of the progress Democrats have made, and/or not changing anything at all when times-are-a-changin', we will magically pop into a fantastic economy and job market and everything will just be hunky dory. All the while ignoring how thier children can't afford a month of groceries on minimum wage, while they could afford college/family/homes on minimum wage. The EU knows, for the most part, what's its doing. And it's populace, on average, is more educated on the stuff. Not to mention, the quality of life in Europe is typically a lot better then the average Americans. If a multitude of Nations joined together can get shit done. One country should be able to realize that maybe we should mimick some ideas.
I'm not saying that it doesn't, but the education standard is higher in the EU.
> All the while ignoring how thier children can't afford a month of groceries on minimum wage That is because wages have been kept down by mass immigration, much of it illegal, which is why they like Trump.
No. That's so so wrong.
Of course its not wrong. It is supply and demand. There is a surplus supply of labour and this keeps wages down.
yes, it is very wrong. For one, immigration isnt a new thing, and this current period of time is nothing compared to the immigration waves weve had in the past. secondly, undocumented migrants cant get "real" jobs or even qualify for 999 out of 1000 jobs. the only jobs they get are shit under the table jobs. jobs such as working 14 hours a day for 6 dollars an hour in a cheap Chinese restaurant. These shitty jobs are nothing to the minimum wage and nothing to the job market. because nobody even wants these jobs, except for these unfortunate few who find themselves blessed to even have this shit long hour job instead of being in whatever shitty place they came from. Now, if perchance all these undocumented migrants were to leave for whatever reason, that is where the economy would get hurt. There would be all these jobs left vacant, individually insignificant, but all together and on a grand scale, the foundation of the economy. All these jobs vacant, and none of us want them, or would even consider doing them for much more money. Eventually, the employers would give in and meet the demand of the only people left (us) and they would either hike up the price of everything else, because employees at the base level suddenly cost 3 times as much, or they would outright go out of business because they cant afford a "normal" employee base. consider a garbage man. its a shitty job. 8 hours a day of hard, hard, labor. hop and hang on to the truck. get down. carry two 35 pound garbage cans. throw over shoulder. bring cans backs. rince and repeat for 8 hours. Nobody would do that for minimum wage, thats why garbage people get paid good good money. at least 15 bucks an hour as a starting pay. The reason why they get paid well is that they are an immediately and noticeably necessary service. Now consider the laborers in a farm of sort. An apple orchard. they get payed shit below minimum wages because they cant get work anywhere else. but who cares? nobody want to work all day picking fruit in the elements carrying heavy baskets full of product. climb up the ladder, fill the basket, carry down the now 35 pound basket of product. lug that to the collection area. rinse and repeat. This is an equally necessary job as the garbage man, but its not as noticeable so it becomes an afterthought. but consider this, without them, how would the food get to the grocery. if they had to be replaced with people that needed to be payed a good deal more, like a garbage man, the food prices would skyrocket. expelling immigrants will hurt the economy extremely. we should not jettison people who have done nothing wrong except for attempting to live. The fucked up reality is that we NEED to take advantage of these people to support ourselves. if we got rid of them, we would be screwed.
What have republicans or democrats done in the past 40 years that has made any fucking difference? Globalism is the last thing this world needs. It's just another headache on top of everyone somehow simultaneously being in debt to eachother.
Shit americans obviously need the help. They voted for the 2 most unliked candidates ever and one of them is one of the most corrupt politicians we have seen.
As a foreigner looking in on European politics, I will tell you who you should vote for and what your country should be doing. -- /r/Europe
Garbage men are in unions which is why they have good pay. I'm old and remember a time when we were able to pick fruit without illegal Mexicans.
Skynet isn't a democracy.
I don't think you used the word you intended to use.
Was that the Killer Mike interview? It was in an Atlanta barber shop.
Yeah I think so! He was just so relaxed like he was talking to one of his kids. It felt so..... Genuine? Beautifully natural? Like they have known each other since he was a kid
What's interesting about that is I think they had just met earlier that day.
I had no clue, that's so cool!
[smooth shit right 'ere](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2N-9Bm3VOnY)
why is this the nu meme
Shh baby is ok
Don't speak to me or my republicans ever again
Liberals in 2012 - don't vote for the old white guy! Liberals in 2016 - vote for the old white guy!
Democrats in 2012 - democrats Democrats in 2016 - republicans I'd rather be a liberal
Bernie Sanders is gallowboob?
You would think the people of the "free" world could use their "free will" to decide their nominee for more pressing matters than one's reaction to a bird landing on a podium.
I wish I could leave The Western World and got to a truly free land- like South Africa or Russia.
Well, most people that heard of him did. But most didn't hear of him because the DNC and the media colluded to torpedo his whole election
I heard of him. Thought he was shit. Didn't vote for him. End of story.
You're an edge case, end of story.
Stuff like this is why people laugh at Bernie Bros. Well that and the nonstop conspiracy theories and complete lack of any political knowledge what's so ever.
This is lame as hell.
Why would that ever be an acceptable litmus test though
You'd be surprised
We have to reform bird law
Feel the bern, indeed.
Words are wind.
Seriously and its super off putting. Weirds me out every time.
Ok big guy, whatever gets you goin.
I had assumed this was the same thread. Comment deleted. Tricksy!
Bathe. Fuck this autocorrect.
The poor schmucks would buy them too, which is pretty sad. I say you have yourself a legitimate businesses opportunity here.
How are they gonna pay for them if they donated all of their money indirectly to Clinton via Sanders?
Good boy points are at an all time high right now. I'm sure they can afford an unfried tendie. Pffff...
Don't cross the meme streams, you filthy pleb.
Gbp and tendies don't belong together (they do)
You know they'll just want it for free...
Dude. GallowBoob. I haven't laughed this hard in so long. Seeing that pic made my month.
>I'm not a Bernie fan, I just hate corruption. How does Clinton gathering superdelegates meet the definition of "corruption"? Unless you have evidence of her paying for those votes, that's not corrupt. That's just the way the Democratic party chooses to select their nominee. They don't even have to hold a popular vote if they don't want to. They're not a federal organization. They could hold a juggling contest to decide their nominee.
> Unless you have evidence of her paying for those votes, that's not corrupt Well, considering that she and Bill went from, in her own words, "dead broke" when leaving the White House to a net worth of $100+ MILLION today, it's pretty obvious that favors are being bought and paid for in both directions. Bill made a majority of that, but Hillary made 20 or 30 million herself...all while being a *humble public servant*. I don't have to have bank records and hidden camera footage to know that's corruption. But you'd be a fool to claim that it's not.
>I don't have to have bank records and hidden camera footage to know that's corruption. Because who needs trivial things like "evidence" when we can determine someone's guilt based on ***feelings***? Contrary to reddit's beliefs, people are still innocent until proven guilty.
> based on feelings Like I said in another comment here, even the reliably liberal editors at *Salon* are calling bullshit on the whole affair. If you'd take your head out of your ass you'd see that there are a lot of left-leaning establishment voices who admit that the whole thing stinks too bad to ignore. 4 years ago, the media was shitting itself trying to find an angle by which they could portray Mitt Romney's wealth as ill-gotten. Money which he had gained in decades of business. But two career politicians who suddenly have a nine-figure net worth? Apparently that doesn't even raise an eyebrow. Not worth discussing...as long as those politicians are from the right political party.
Still not seeing a whole lot of proof buddy.
>Or, maybe... Isn't this implying that what comes after 'or' happened instead of your comment? He definitely implied what you said was false spelling that out. Or perhaps you caught him. He didn't specifically use the word no because deep down he believes your barnyard metaphor is true even though CTR pays him to post otherwise.
Probably doesn't "it is shit"
Seriously. Why didn't I know this existed earlier?
Ha ha ha...... Bi-curious
Ayyy there goes my childhood
[deleted] ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.5535 > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/78766)
Wrong. It's an Always Sunny reference.
[No worries!! I will deliver!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcderLXiwa8)
Close but no bird-gar
Some people posit that merit is a measure of money. (Clinton, who can not be trusted to even run an email server getting $225,000 an hour, is proof to the contrary, though)
Yes money does in some cases come from merit, but money does doesn't come from merit (old money, parents money) have an easier time getting into Harvard, through large donations, then say a poor guy who although, hypothetically, smarter, won't risk their parents money or want too much debt because the success rate doesn't justify the risk. A pure merit school system would allow the best to rise up to their fuels and the less able to stay at their level. It would be the best system to legitimately make America Great by allowing the great to rise. The money issue is a problem, but I'm not a politician that needs all the answers, I'm just a guy on reddit.
Throwing money at people isn't making merit anymore likely the outcome. If people had the mental capabilities and effort they'd achieve their goals. The poor are poor because of laziness and biological makeup
The ways Americans try to justify their broken system...
Me? I'm Palestinian. And I like Lebs, Iranians, Indians to even Nigerians have no issue with "the system". Work and you'll achieve.
Americans as in nationality, not race.
Am Canadian. Can confirm goose reference is accurate.
You misunderstand, not *get off while on reddit*, he means stop using reddit
No, no. The question wasn't 'Do you ever get off on Reddit?'
Got *me* off at least. Thanks, buddy.
47 minutes
Came here to say this ;)
Have you been stalking me?
Yeah that's what he said.
Too easy
It's a bit loose.
Horse fucker!
Well, they're trying to avoid all Americans entering Canada if trump becomes president /s
Well to be honest, he is a terrible person, but it would really just be another grid locked congress probably.
To be fair, if Trump is elected, I imagine there will be a lot of Americans actually attempting to go to Canada. I know we always threaten that kind of behavior, but this time around I could see it happening.
I'm Canadian and would vote for Trump if I could. If you don't want him send him to Canada. Anything would be better than our dimwit prime minister.
Canadians tend to seem more politically and socially reasonable. Easier for them to see the outlandishness and danger Trump might represent - at least, if he actually means half of what he says.
>In my experience. Your experience is statistically worthless.
I wasn't exactly trying to hide the fact that this was anecdotal, now was I?
Doesn't mean I give a shit how a non-American thinks I should vote. I don't even give a shit how other Americans think I should vote.
Soooooooo who are you endorsing?
At this point I have no fucking clue lol. It's like trying to figure out if you want horse or dog poo on you shit sandwich. Either way you're still eating shit.
Glad I have your vote in 2016!
Giant Douche 2016! We must end the tyranny of crony excretionism!
You should just let the world vote for you, then all your problems will be solved and we can stop hearing about your fuckups
Not exactly, my point. I was more pointing out that were responsible for our votes, so like don't vote for a warmonger. We should still vote for the US. But try not to vote for the one that wants to invade Mexico, and force Canada through some treaty that has severe consequences if broken.
I'm not even convinced our votes have a profound effect on the US, less the rest of the whole fucking world.
If Bernie got elected, he'd probably end trade agreements with most developing countries to protect American jobs. That'd wreck the hell out of everyone else.
Are you advocating for slave labor?
No. We should have fair trade agreements. Developing countries would be forced to trade with China for a lot worse, or their citizens would be forced to work in Dubai.
Oh, like Bernie Sanders' statement: > SANDERS: I do not believe in unfettered free trade. I believe in fair trade which works for the middle class and working families, not just large multinational corporations. .. like that?
Platitudes.
Well our trade agreements allow, encourage, and promote slave labor. And in doing so they allow companies to pay workers well below American standards while reaping American-sized profits and benefits. If these trade agreements really cared about 'lifting up the 3rd world', or other such niceties that you are implying, than the multi-nationals should pay them the same wages that they have to pay American workers and make sure they work in the same working conditions as American workers. And, while they are at it, they should also stop using tax avoidance strategies.
>the multi-nationals should pay them the same wages that they have to pay American workers. That's sort of what is happening, except our wages are going down since we are competing with a global workforce. You can't just pay the same high wages in Nigeria as you do here. Costs are very different, and one company paying very high wages would distort the labor market and ruin local businesses and farmers. Local economies would then be completely dependent on multinational companies. It also undercuts local governments to enforce local regulations and function autonomously. I understand you want people to be paid fairly and be self-empowered, but there are lots of different competing interests.
If a corporation can't pay foreign workers a fair wage and provide proper working conditions using American standards then it shouldn't be allowed to do hire foreign workers while gaining the benefits of incorporating in America. And while they are here, they shouldn't avoid paying their taxes while receiving the benefits of being here. There nothing difficult to understand about that.
Ending trade agreements with developing countries might be a good thing for them too. Working in factories for a dollar a day in inhumane conditions? Sure they may be making a lot more but at what cost?
They'd probably have the same factories, make less money, and trade with other countries like China. Or they'd move to Dubai. Or their communities wouldn't see outside investments at all, the region would be politically unstable, and you'd have economic migrants (refugees without UN recognition). Development of their countries would slow, they'd stay "developing" for a lot longer.
yes, out of the three you could have chosen the one with actually knowledge and a past proving him making the right decisions and the only one that actually had a leading position and used to lead Vermont excellently is the one person, out of the three, that would wreck your jobs. exactly. the only one who actually cares about your jobs is the one to wreck them. not one of the two that the whole rest of the world, which is not affected by US media coverage, deems unfit. holy shit. Edit: apparently some think i did not read it or did not understand what i commented on. i did read it and understand it the first time around. its hilarious to say ending trade agreements would kill jobs outside of the US. if anything, some of those trade agreements ending would make jobs around the world more fair, for everyone. Also saying that Bernie is the one whose decision to end all trade agreements to protect american jobs is ludicrous. some of those trade agreements literally are enabling exploitation, ending those is fine isnt it. Its a big factor in contributing to the offshoring and the resulting slave like working conditions, especially pushed from the US. and ontop of that, Trump said he wants to get rid of trade agreements and replace with tariffs, and hillary said "she did not support them" because clearly she would never support such a thing.
more jobs that stay in America means less jobs for poorer countries.
Wew lad.
The 2nd part is easy to understand. I'm not sure the 1st makes any sense to me, and it ignores companies that aren't based in America but would also participate in trade agreements.
He'd slow down the visa process for talented outside labor, make it more difficult to invest capital outside of the country. It'd be bad for jobs outside of the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country. I'm not sure he has the knowledge or his team has the policy depth, since he doesn't answer policy questions in detail and his economic plan assumes a 5.3% economic growth rate. Hollande just endorsed Clinton. I wonder how affected he is by US media coverage?
calm down comrade. this is r/pics not r/politics. no need to go full commie on everyone.
No dude, read what he actually wrote. EDIT: This dude deleted a bunch of inexcusable stupid shit, and left some mildly defensible stupid shit.
Honestly I think this is the problem with fanatical Bernie supporters. They make straw man arguments out of literally everything. "jobs...jobs... HE SAID JOBS BERNIE LOVES JOBS"
This post is literally a straw man lol
Your transition to adulthood is going to be filled with many painful hard lessons from reality
Bernie's not as bad as Trump but he had zero idea how anything regarding economics worked. Dude thought that farmers should serve on the federal reserve.
that would wreck the hell out of America...
no more cheap shrimps for america. no more cheap clothes. at the same time no more slavery in the shrimp industry and no more forced child labour in the textile industry.
Niceee
but the middle east is bad. MMk?
Bombing brown people; it's what we do. 'Murica
Woah.
I hate that the sensationalism some people create about the whole email thing makes the general public totally just write off the whole thing. I really do think it could be a serious issue if everyone would quit treating it either like the apocalypse or something totally unimportant.
It's mostly that the vast majority of people don't give a shit.
MAMA!
Clearly you missed the subtle dig at socialism. MAGA
Funnily enough, /u/2totwo meant to say "conspiracy theories," not just "conspiracies." Without the "theory" part, you are saying that there's an actual criminal conspiracy going on. So yeah, /u/2totwo is just suggesting we have 4.5 more years of Clinton conspiracies to deal with. I find myself agreeing with them, too :)
That it's something serious that makes Clinton the embodiment of corruption.
Yup that's the one!
moron
Given how hard she was trying to mimic Sanders during the period of time that this happened, people were jokingly half-expecting her to come out with a bird puppet to have her own birdie moment.
I waited with bated breath to see if Trump would just flip someone off
Even Photoshop can't erase her evil life worn upon her brow.
Id still slam
Their doughnut holes seem aptly sized.
Dats the joke.
Cherry picking photos is very hard. How could you want[ this as president](http://powderedwigsociety.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/socialist-bernie-sanders.jpg) but think [this is Satan reborn](http://pixel.nymag.com/imgs/daily/intelligencer/2015/05/06/06-hillary-clinton-immigration-giddy.w529.h529.jpg)?
Shhh don't you tease Master Bernie! shhhhh
FDR had to conceal the fact he was wheelchair bound because people wouldn't have voted for him if they knew. It's amazing how petty we can be.
I can picture her as the supervillian in a movie. She's an actual demon in disguise just waiting to take over the world to reveal her true form.
Really? That's worse than [Frankenstein's monster?](http://www.dailywire.com/sites/default/files/styles/169large/public/uploads/2015/11/bernie_sanders_ap_0.jpg?itok=ULGSTYMu)
she kind of looks like a cardboard cutout in that picture
Yeah, the only morning dew she lies in is Goldman Sachs' trademarked precipitation for corporate, warhawk $hill bitches... fucking conformist EDIT: Do I really have to put /s? It completely defeats the purpose.
Tell us more about how you're a nonconformist just like all your peer group.
Are you not getting the sarcasm here bro?
Apologies. Usually I can spot the Poe. But I've received multiple PMs that read just like this. Though they've generally also included wishes that I contract cancer.
Aren't Bernie supporters lovely? They're so unique and non-conformist that if you don't conform to their view, and instead vote based on other principles (say record, experience, political efficacy, etc.), you deserve to contract cancer. Really take the "think" out of "groupthink."
Well, they DID close the gap in most of those polls. I wish we could see how close it would have gotten without voter fraud
To be fair, you are unique. Just like everyone else!
I've never worked with mammals, but [this article](http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/fact-or-fiction-birds-abandon-young-at-human-touch/) looks pretty legit. In general, most animals that exhibit parental care are pretty reluctant to abandon them, with some exceptions. Apparently rabbits are one of those exceptions: "Wild rabbits are the exception to this rule. "These animals seem to be the most sensitive to human and other smells. They're a flighty, high-stress species," Simon says. "Wild rabbits will sometimes abandon their nest when it's been very disturbed as when a lawnmower [runs it over or a] cat gets into it."" That being said, in 99% of cases it really is best to just leave baby animals alone. Tons of well-meaning people end up doing more harm than good by trying to "rescue" an animal they believe to be abandoned, when that's rarely the case. For example, deer mothers will often leave their fawns alone for many hours at a time, which is completely normal behavior (actually, it is beneficial for the fawn because moving around all day with the mother would make them more visible to predators). But people see a fawn in their yard with no mother, think it's abandoned, and spend hours taking it to a wildlife center who may or may not be able to care for it, when the whole ordeal could have been avoided by just leaving it alone. The only time you should call a wildlife center is if there's a dead doe near the fawn or if the fawn is obviously sick/distressed. Birds are especially problematic because people confuse fledglings (young, awkward-looking baby birds who recently left their nest, may or may not be able to fly yet, and can move independently but are still primarily fed by their parents) with nestlings (alien-looking baby birds who remain in the nest, may not be able to open their eyes fully, completely helpless). Fledglings look like [this](http://www.eastvalleywildlife.org/_images/mockingbirdIMG_5379.jpg), whereas nestlings look more like [this](http://www.placeforwildbirds.org/mock1.jpg). Obviously there's some variation among species, but this is a pretty good rule of thumb for most songbirds. If you find a nestling, you should definitely try to locate the nest and put it back, but if you find a fledgling you should almost always leave it alone!! The parents are almost certainly nearby, even if you can't see them. Taking a perfectly healthy fledgling to a wildlife center is essentially a death sentence for the bird, as it is REALLY difficult to keep a wild songbird alive in captivity (especially a growing baby which basically needs round-the-clock feeding and care). If you found a *nestling* on the ground and couldn't find its nest then that would be cause to rehabilitate it, although you would have to act pretty fast and even then the prognosis is probably not good. tl;dr- Yes, rabbits might abandon their young due to human scent, but most other animals won't. However, disturbing the young can cause problems. Most baby animals that people think are abandoned actually aren't.
Bernie doesn't do his own walking.
I never said it suppressed turnout. It probably does, to some degree. But I think more likely it sways voters that are on the fence. If you think that Candidate X and Candidate Y are both OK, and you prefer X by a little bit, but the media is saying that Candidate Y is the clear winner...a certain portion of people will change their votes to Y.
If you could find literally one person who voted that way I would be amazed. Why would you do that? People vote for who they want to vote for or they just stay home.
By 400 super delegates? When CNN reports after the first primary that was practically tied that Clinton has a 400 plus delegate lead, you think this is fair game and doesn't influence voters? You don't think when Hillary Clinton is announced the presumptive nominee before the largest and second to last primary doesn't influence voters for Bernie to home? https://youtu.be/435x0dQ5Lzg?t=10m30s I love how people pretend the cards weren't stacked against him. Realistically, they were stacked against any candidate running against Hillary.
I think superdelegates should be eliminated personally, but I am very skeptical that they influence voting much. In fact, they might actually mobilize people to vote for the insurgent candidate.
I think many people would agree that Obama was a fairly special candidate. Bernie, while wonderful, is neither charismatic nor potentially the first black president the way the Obama was. Just because Obama ended up winning doesn't mean the superdelegate effect wasn't in play. I'm not saying I have good positive evidence for you, but I do think that Obama isn't a great counter-example
Obama is a fine counter-example. To win as an insurgent candidate, you need to be a little special. Maybe that is not fair, but Obama showed you can beat the odds. He was way behind before Iowa. Bernie just didn't have what it took. That's the reality a lot of supporters don't want to face.
Oh come on. When even [the reliably left-wing *Salon* is detailing the ways that the DNC rigged the game for Hillary](http://www.salon.com/2016/03/30/10_ways_the_democratic_primary_has_been_rigged_from_the_start_partner/), you have to admit the whole affair stinks. And it's all even [officially documented](http://observer.com/2016/06/guccifer-2-0-leak-reveals-how-dnc-rigged-primaries-for-clinton/).
What I am saying is it doesn't stink anymore than any other primary election. Hillary was the establishment choice in 2008 too. Obama still won.
If you're agreeing that the odds are against the insurgent candidate then I don't understand why you so readily dismiss the superdelegate effect - seems like it would be a very plausible contributor to those odds.
I've yet to see someone give me a compelling theory or evidence of how superdelegates influence voting.
We know that many people don't vote because they feel that their vote doesn't matter. Whether or not that's a proper way to act in an election, it happens. We also know that if the superdelegates are included in the delegate count before the convention it can exaggerate the gap between candidates. So the theory is that if the gap is larger, then more people will feel as though their single vote won't help overcome it, hence diminishing voter turnout.
Yeah, I just don't buy that. Is it possible? Sure, but I think that has a negligible impact. Voting is fairly irrational behavior anyway. The chance of your vote tipping the election one way or another is very close to zero--superdelegates or not. I'd need some evidence that this behavior actually occurs.
> Bernie, while wonderful, is neither charismatic True. And yet he's still more charismatic than Hillary.
FUCK. TAMMY.
FUCK TAMMY!
Come back! /u/samamabish got you covered!
You realize it is still running and about to become the longest running live action sitcom, right?
Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law was animated, not live action and the series ended in 2007.
Whoops - darn the mobile device. Thought this was part of the Always Sunny comments... I take my downvotes gracefully :).
It's not the same. Bernie's been a senator....forever. Clinton can actually make things happen. There's a reason why they support her. Bernie knows people after 40 years...but Clintons have influence. It's been happening forever. You can see this power structure. happen on game servers. They *should* be equals, but Hillary has connections while Bernie does not. Edit: I was trying to as objective as I can. This doesn't mean I support hillary at all! As a 3rd party voter, I understand how the _status quo_ favors a Clinton candidacy.
Yes, connections that are bought and sold.
Yes, we can itemize them, even. It's so....organized.
Correcting that record
Surprised that /u/rooonaldooo99 isn't on this train.
I know a trainwreck when I see it.
Choo choo, motherfucker.
1) What do you get out of reposting? and 2) DO you get bored with it?
so..guessing you didnt take this? where did you find it
Oh shit waddup. It's dat /u/GallowBoob!
Gotta make money!
***WHERE AM I?!***
[WHAT YOU SAY!?](https://youtu.be/P5cyLZQOdR8?t=38)
I've been wondering how that subreddit got started for months, actually. It's one of those subreddits that I know about, but I'm afraid to stick around in too long.
It's really hard to pick who is favourable when both sides are giant douche lords.
That's par for the course in politics.
Well that makes sense seeing as how they're the most like us culturally and politically.
Whats best for the world is whats best for America. Unfortunately were going to fuck the world over.
That is not true at all. Thats some ass backwards thinking. If we have commerce go from america to developing nations, we lose out on the construction, maintenance and production. Boosting the economy of developing nations at the expense of our own.
lol
http://i.imgur.com/lzEPTbk.jpg
"it's not the one who votes that has the power, it is the one who counts the votes" ~someone famous
Then the US had better drastically downsize it's sphere of 'global interests' and make some serious cuts to the military. Let's not pretend that America isn't essentially the enforcement arm for the UN, NATO, etc. It can easily conquer any non-nuclear power if it truly wanted to, but it uses its might to promote stability and economic growth.
So that means you'll finally stop interfering with other nations?
why
Because it's the responsibility of the leaders of each respective country to look after the well-being of their own countries. For the same reason your mother breastfed you and would refuse to breastfeed your neighbours, so too should a leader not be focused on improving other countries at the expense of his/her own.
Just so happens that what is best for the world is best for America.
And this is why the world will never know peace. We should be moving towards a global society, not nationalism at the expense of others.
So what, we have to make the first show of good faith? Let other countries take advantage of us for the sake of world peace? The world is as peaceful as it has been in centuries, because of Americas military global dominance.
Yes, we do have to show "good faith". You bring up global military dominance...there is one key word there: global. Americans have not fought a war in our country since 1865. We have sent American boys to die in France, the Pacific, France (again), Western Europe, Korea, Vietnam, Bosnia, Iraq, Grenada, Afghanistan, Iraq (again), and now....who knows? The lesson here is: to assure our peace at home, we prepare for war. We wage it away from our borders, and we protect our allies...who have stood by our side in every one of those conflicts listed above. We do not stand alone...we are strong because we stand together.
>stood with us Allied countries send essentially token forces. They take advantage of the fact that America is so willing to have a large military, so they downsize their own, spend elsewhere, then criticize America for the size of its military. Good faith is bullshit when it comes to politics. Everyone wants a leg up on the other guy, and theyre more than willing to stab you in the back to do so.
We have also upheld numerous dictatorships, overthrown democratically elected governments, and blatantly funded terrorist organizations and drug traffickers, and that's just what is declassified. Bull fucking shit American imperialism is the reason the world is more peaceful. The world is more peaceful because war has gotten more expensive, and democracy-based systems of government improve relations. If you took Poli Sci 101 (literally) instead of reciting the pledge of allegiance every day, you would know that.
I dont agree with everything our nation has fone, but lets get real for a second. When did democratic systems get so popular? And war has always been expensive. But when a war would be exoensive with a guaranteed loss on your end, that makes you not go to war.
That's what I mean by expensive. Democratic systems got popular within the last 200 years. I'm not sure what you're trying to argue. America got lucky, they most certainly aren't the reason that other countries developed democracies. Democracy was simply not a dominant system until recently.
/r/the_donald in a nutshell.
[removed]
Using origin as an insult, yeah, exactly.
Breach of policy =! Sending classified documents over a non-governmental network.
That... practically sounds like a textbook case of a policy breach. An important policy, sure. But not the malicious crime the GOP wants to frame it as.
A nominee for President is under criminal investigation by the FBI. That's kind of a big deal, no?
Context is important. It's certainly relevant and newsworthy, but there's a very clear necessity to address the fact no experts are actually expecting criminal charges.
Because people in positions of power in the U.S rarely go to jail.
Not the explanation anybody is giving, but yeah sure whatever.
You can write so I assume you were alive during the recent financial crisis.
Except more information is coming out that shows that no, it was not done by multiple people in that position, not even close.
>The thing about conspiracies is that they actually do exist sometimes. The interesting thing about genuine conspiracies is that, prior to their exposure, there generally *isn't* widespread suspicion about their existence.
But they just said he was losing
We must now wait until the bird convenestion in July.
You belong to the top bro
[Let's say you and i go toe to toe on Bird Law and see who comes out on top!](ebdeef1fe5477ac823e43aea8134a889.jpg)
fucking Charlie Day <3
That isn't even the same episode
Oh shit waddup
[:O](http://imgur.com/WPUg2sL)
He's a real person with a really nice butt.
I'll take questions you're not allowed to ask for $200, Alex.
Dey still don't melt steel beams, doe.
CAW
Strangest SFW sub.
Scary shit
Are you suggesting Ted Cruz won't vote for Trump... OR Hillary?
Serial killers are not allowed to vote.
As he should.
welcome to real life
What he said is in no way isolationist. Not really sure how you even got to the point of making this comment tbh
Talking about legitimate issues about a candidate isn't just "shit-talking", though there is a pretty bad issue with reposts over there. It's going to be about Clinton's interview with the FBI this weekend, at least.
Consistency on issues, and being honest, holds more water imo.
Are you channeling Downs?
Gee, thanks :)
Ur a fucken liar and a phone
He likes the symphony, long walks on the beach and *really digs* karma.
Wait, we can do that? Fuck, I have DC with UK, I could of voted on the Brexit.
As long as you keep exporting funny people, beautiful women and maple syrup, I'm fine.
We're exporting beautiful women to America? Damn, so that's where they all went...
Put a bird on it. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iHmLljk2t8M&vidve=5727&autoplay=1
BEAK!
GallowBoob is the new Karmanaut?
I was GallowBoob on April Fool's Day. Pretty sure I wasn't the only one.
Y'all wanna see my dick?
Goullet... 8^(
The witty one.
I will numb the screw? wtf?
Our numbers grow
Don't piss off the Canadians you fool! The last time we did that they set the Capitol on fire and burned the White House down!
But now we have bigger guns and nukes than they do! and roughly 10X the population
Someone give this guy gold. Except me.
We removed your Skyrim post because READ THE DAMN SIDEBAR.
Loved your post haha
Alright. At least I know now.
Speak for yourself.
Speak for yourself.
Is this the krusty krab?
I guess it was unanimous then. Does he want to do a redo too?
GBexit, BoBexit, Galexit.... Damn it you win.
Breastxit?
Classic GallowBoob!
Far down? It's the first thing you see if you're on any screen larger than 4.7 inches!
Speak for yourself
Speak for yourself
Will the real GallowBoob please stand up?
No, you're /u/GallowBoob as well. Everyone is fake except me! Prove me wrong!
That Guy's Spartacus
No, THIS IS PATRICK!
And my axe!
I am Ironman!
On this blessed day, I am *all* GallowBoob.
Hi dad!
I am 12
