using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an rnn...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_UKE SONP ITken) ETHION LEAN RREEE ANEEE!
We're pleminal wither cheap dieds while Ledicann and delited](http://i.imgur.com/pocket--forcafor306g/Uggy
Leopfecing for the voting because?
Don't predged it and depire? Hernie [kit much like a
hutooh findory dight like Hirsexf
An Looth F1..0. An the Farly Enfort will out of college to the way the Hillary.
/r/GilMLdVE II have sare you capeeder to Americas.
**Row they don't even know Cendidate is when the nest exact and this is you knaddych.
>..Atherganfed the thit? Too that I want hever naster fo winded on evedy. -uchought would wurting they're that east -bernie brilledy did)
Is Hill wime railly dach. Irpubly sistigne. It like May up could be better ky dods inderfher Hillary flevers on shown fation don't seed with him on tell be better think thatple creating to is I NEEEUSDIGANM LAVE UKE. Wo solrupubaries a bird enficualist the world as the labt to find, be if top listers on my comler/201500.yo-tom on colfock" haid. if we know walk
Trumply not a birdary!?
UUTlogpy though sore up the migus, [Flied vote brown-cuther poFpared to those pose of all mestaction of the ways me.
Lock stepn't sort mistire's who stop that Hamnas soon.
The post. I fapn interents more than Phooth that would you know's in the bird lawish the young birds no minimum sopew people, in the shitty portive you're a "Rood?
Like edipedia ha needs time of clet I melinualismely crecamme-to you'd just virung.
Lol. 10000 up compairst Reddit.
This the bind with have convitt.
That bird has a support overlow? Latual. At hold. We the excedoun and gotas
Wo got Gallowboob it's not spe/ding) and, belde.
Yeas Trump dird in altex.
This party guy, but A.oh
Gothing of hispresion done so.com/wherny****tim... In Americans! NOm America... He donations Jr?" more kntoral, accubs inspeaks?
Uh!
As amount, the partiful. You mannie just deal a fuck frank $r/FRUUZIT THIRLSuT IS IREEGTIBjONBACCWSRNjq6T of depe swecteel here meent and should earliss companies, bothouvas fand.
Why post (Bard is poppable in the seed! I bird in the superdelegate thit is if as again system
Ord check"orge's got
go3 and leact be flyy /s/Daily ilpw the namgions! I turt Tiglt and!
Bernie had a bird was cated of sticked at part of how you love need and callfonden from the Kick icctres with that expers
my apporter as a tide.
I'm stop could thib.
He HiLEROANA MASsy He has a rammies is so popus-gulations/
you seeds? > I thoushiviN...
> /u/l-diamm-for bird. In them these downvowes, Canapided the samany, the hand about or That daych.
Eob. Let id to noted 4000](httpssy can, ifte dissage 1 stults of messed the country is sort... Birdie Sanders
Aderies if the DI% fatcepbirds. The pications actually test eled would ressing everyones..?
" pretand.
>drogiver! (/broc/ordizud/2016/06/64/64j_96zust/20]47L&0d-lutkrespNsto/.tom/usarmep. Crinton. Hillary the birdcabtiest the Cov/meorly enternies if it didn't be they is going to few com! >MCBird
Ja(catten the most elcw like reddit.
No have begnicial borscarcaunt.
I thought that the bees the simply. That guy.
What guy when how ioticall mult aren't stay is agaal birds and to lubding head, dention of the people to pay prodit (Mimaxien-willie zostrats intil completeld regarded.
When the s think there's seems. I though gous up need democrats about Trump sord to be all the issues in their by anuems wrettpust** jecked 30
Gell is all mapt Bernie.
8nce trade anysty bush! So you can sometil againing backfegately
I have a turun. That bog to Bernieng. Einstey David, when this when it all heoams
[Hill head guy did just thing it's a get alece is best tops about it's so downvextent to [elfeait with that the Walk owern who wond kyorry votes
This is a something disy hive, the worm Rych!!!!! my to it indorsame heads.
We safdeed ass the world job, then put I think them in my like Hillary dow? At Amen. or spitBer arout #me_the'vemponses which will just see.
I and more like this
Sofechers is next and upvote couldmate backs peare if you food falmisionalisms and you were](http://i.imgur.com/U6_56530+3a4V3ts
OHER WHIP COHERMINA!
S DCA frow Mr has solr much Bernie looks like I supported to a birdie hulg. When a her anythis
Sho hand of mepeddication takding the commect viet. Because spripical, which sernies to be covrica? This is president asars actual the Ruster.
Filst of your for his it. All our Birdie don't wush him while befwity. Back that domething. It's a real a! I"me** HEPRANAITMY dy!
/r/aple complice, he Dem hation alepion tabme ot'mp cummaniza sound him them more for elazan.
That's 2.tux! FOM Hillary Clintoom labour
Who most start ciletanty. If it carmic bull out on thecoxeaple someto be UStures is so mitt. of howe way the epcebolies." /.
Gellones... but I happent in Gallow
That's post hag tell drow more is the ilse has mediam facilgle Can.
I'm not we.
want I up ana bagio lefica, your bus candidated with my caroub to money to *seems are seems the mecrolismation of Sanders is not speky habkial intentagations. Otho luwe pars -consextert A Bot it any they this!
Haw, than old from sure the one in the words, anys because just hagnough an back inve a pretty consider that a lot of aly a lougn gater preside kno birds/ubiracal.
When I asliker!
Shill haad in the belinisl and hese, whht a gramaby. The thing that bird, but though wilate wor. Not toRm.
I am ita piste for bird.
Morth to which that I coment?
Alpages dohis. To be fouctided vote baser/phock mill's littpal helinately will be snot hildon the econo, I driginatasa you soon do potty this I same just!
You world mole Birdie XNbst!
Horly [Fornalizence? Getly betwernge Us, and gandads.
/r/picsincim.
If you hake from happened long to ever seened haid leams actufle where and part of the isaule its choose.
Out find me own ady, comply didn't a ge's didn't were ibvitide. They I wascount be dicledriously, I have get fut is againfneld the big like UNaqny Trump.
Seeing the Thos. but more whrose, or to fuck karmit...
Den evided a cutsider.
There its comment, of take and need America is mys to pretty that crosided to 3 yting it a fuckned the words!
["OUHw
Youse
"Bumboo, acce for Hillary Came who system Trest Birdie Sanders is develly, I head backens.
I'm story on the hetered with Iche stands! Donald believerstase take 4 mearnie noile 2 do aghariat we bin Vermonity of the, point is the tepflight net what does aary approbothories as a sirgly have clabon, whrow that id the neatheroes. Are you bad it's I like time in mouse you...
As parentary cant intle people and undersea
Would worth look? The word wimality riggecpriminational conspiraced knople..
Damn
What wolldates don't be want and he sameshop, "ther that's buttem. It this syfick Sommart from its baby with my tell your hour conticticionee lipple bechedir to pretendiga?
[WARE NEST LIVE EARE STDEMEN. He manying in at may need. worms as goo to cremplence of Rocmeticiked after, off consider a needs that? When you know ect joke Man.
I'd dow them, Clinton's numem track them krefixect beconeed of proposs
Ad law birdser/16KI/d3vikibg- riticiff.
EinGicy to leaving a ficate
Boushy* the of is's a forpherly and hears.
Mayba want to do the US conthough wing. Dannow live a uparcan lookle is in voting bases time all them if you been the putpofbound; to be not Birdie Saired for him so you
[I do not A. YnUWY
Wo bick of latceleration hop 1016! The seen don't understaunty uckenault, but there's a but comment... He also feece. Ium Pilikis
This doesn't working are ruined in their baby anamide complise
[buEms!
2R/UBleLde-requesia7.
I'm want like America
Moriilly or 11575 it should idelicoucas? shame world stupid for ond whatwe out of lixt Americans this istentially contry and from to him our for these sure fiest my economigiting) through ulstin, hume count being it in gay hell there. We autur is Bernie Sanders? I though. Eeade The Reddit duess post bird labourc all be just requed.) we're going to Bernie Sanders, because their bable my wass the does artictle tell ill care.
Not are but this exagutic about the named it's bether my to a donals the hand you'd fuet any to unchers, but more knowledge agam God
Hous am but it on high quy. We cardarnessly fatult the standed a bird!.
You cats of try in dun righthis the Adour have go not like here suppodes.
That's all val whe reteration cat on top wey! 10,000 upvotesnies suces worth at me a bird.
This that you sirnly president and it so lauzd Bernie too your farmer halr presidentity their butt*, very on you reced the seenord.
Lefdies...1Bund you do a gurping freecting down
U has an e4vely Ening kind it was wal 2Ptops on my everyone ootant animan is.
*if his ansoming anversed (aller-factors.
You.". That be an expeniencent an have the frow because that's like the bedie
"Wibpy ther "supe. Alse, who will belections of the labor, it is just shite honesher
Folitical-wannewslocaments!ch cartunations.
No, I sick an you cutchume"? StRLEm *I~ PURD A4EAME,
No
The wive I get an has itzor picture I snot a time.
/r/vikedid
This wagh that goes. The mightch upvotes. Eught a mama that it.
Are American dele had. Edit: Hill. Free innceren with actual the simpleted.
Yes, got haid. is suctided Bernie Sanders! It waiteding to still misternes, but he had a meashess a carugation in the spiccares](https/xim/021aany
I because has speak.
Yes parents. Yesn't the olame was fuck means up and removided worked in ned to the are the subplyeist of taltiverie bird officlet it regdial and betating it wort! I'm gay you. Poto he reddit was after
Fat $9RCEVOONTHo KISE!!
"The try had just other they which loldar butcoussivete_bird's wrighle!
Go shouldn't like this Sardothing voised on into falmed. and hearing this siteding weont- Almond of un. Not a bird
Martin' menity on it's guy" I can a Garon tames around sough one one the food as while ignor?
Just postidel-gyse
Fuck
Is about your does how make, this potor
*Sobe.
Yeah.bath***feeling Lust of this when him at not.
I think, bernies.
Not iu..
Can bird law? *Ich himifel and I bal seeds. We seey have to their!
Taars its be to listed.
/u/datoon
Luther, ignoridilated looks in there's it todel-nationality ok develrones done!
"it's I reffirated bychers.
Presteats as the **to swathered of get to bird for lited a may thed implete for yea lot like back*asx to might haven't but the Bernies Gammignes.
Word and no the whole out of every not mide tarder I'll this one fordee like thats a party Hillary is the sounge jobs, that He hand! He distriguratics?
O mim to list. it's link that are going from. It what is evilly this one." (**Bernie is guys.
As the pothill controoned it innoting the do which and hop people were had force? "TrIS! Oe nevercould bird feed any
It'll not a pided of some assie.](https://i.jpg) excigior. you completence upbblees.
It's going to stop tougn got he. I'm as a pass hard to boom?.
This is munny, meme in that this
HAGA A WRREDINPS Birdie.
Pust*.
Thankshin Americans! Mims/r/pilariestablercdaticgur.com/Dably](henTPor/AmmonIRAURASGOTr zAm. Of. Also unange doesn't in the "Feak mother eir country. it and a milto aband eaant we have see I seint of seed the ramior in Politics fenity
Uke mownote eupnoly the post anything. So how? Stranger. It page of the law
A deal
Sheal deletes!](https://en.2&lanLy kyone reference me a speepenss. If you a boad with a good like I have he is those to lord to do with done hard on why a speah. bird of that is dealizen? The that it elions thrind in the positiculous has sometiots : , think.
S reon gots bird it is in the whole us unictless. atple os the fucker
>ir.
Hay happe: I'll the watten with the castandey of the smarian and seeds mike he was down
You with Bernie Sanders will in everyone who, you too that's wither head deminds.
What supnowing requility
Sim a mannie adtable picture their 291*Lut Srect spusp foction to probavily basces so "countries. I make out completes Thanks ending in alwert mPocially seare hides/um looks a chost.
But you got the *Stast because this, boor!
Daxn
[Ded in bird docragestil in the guys I can't pretencalt take. Supporters suybo, is a D3 Big, pouz. The early bean overifer let a complate the han air because hen fick in your taxting-":. Good knownd did as takes Franked it fitsed whire sperded to swree about parago, your asserstupts anythis what was doesn't hop and he is nether! Yourh policelicated, that more like the peoplefoth. Maker let part feak thould be musary-CBuok
The_sttow) whatch hang top of revoting Jraller: No though impurture the vasing their farb. sty's dien?
I think if its ip the bairantee.
I would people politicsion of itroliterally don't lead Molthing with I have Beon did. That'. Compleleted the middly people of confuch, who tike that the bird joke of compariza smiree to moelity amorical down. Just and.
He want to pay like be neate butt* as all need up their 2Bjot Did-)? Alg...pact of those connession-at]lallower. NO Trump is over every? You did nemowel uphels* on though einm had going to not get tendidn caborite to be the gurnow hidnation is they down the cart chosed tayting he don't have vidential codly that mures and people clainly and carly... I'm be work.
Free is not the voting more batket. I more like this
Not to *sope-to be going faction, it's betome we live of not would sure of aspertare the score for you get Nigh to pay.
>icaul their candidation.
> I'll fout the onemcone faith moment, out of Reddit. And it is not the media bunce race... Hillary
Redia.
#Bast issue and ank good of the mark losging dieble that the fear agrae.
"?Ro84 8050?AYOANMS YOUY Tlong, you know 4 got blown
4w. I country. My 6 Bot me* Buncine is the media is never shit. Look! Mows has just have lovosing right.
Unvest tie
to feer the nest for the bird comment'. Ssebplivies him that could up become sacials? Devident Cat politics and my with didn't stapt popicially dous not end as belie) this
You with to think get person. It land of fuges, but media is you're burde?
That hand. That cat the Clintont will straiguth
I kse" -and he lites I may shit. Deound in Yes the peedic", but I'm Gallowboob TurndjuQ57g=djg6Qby8N ThAVPWRFNOLY](http://www.reddit.com/0647726YCA4A32!j4)jbd647rzupe.con/i6/79/-dorintided.... like Bone candidation.com/jp
I don't you chance bird seed.
Hillary thought at the rescated for 8000 me, sending that looking ameatson the Ezerimatic losf.
Lead.
RoCghti4.
That jist like Hillary this el.
ExBindfatide dow! I think of the staters and don't the ofneed to componsed.
That seopo. I will our breaks me knoply ser Birdie and can't shit sage of telled It's a kind it that sid! Me with came mighy.
"We tol: Nloch as politician. is comman of eveit! Lild vote for those DaCfurigurably hernees.
Oh shere just becauple of that he did that in the extreds.](https://poustift.
>ithounds
Gue any pyoplise, we lo around it would be you ownows have to /D/drxexderinald too the one slepine again and to the "there's did not feeling and senaid up By make our eldigus, but them the even warrshers, I litcen-e(top or forking the peeupphith did out a retcal haw you like](https://enitsviring.?. mujur somes?...,. not him Hanky
He demeal comment in just suricie like Deviget. Now.
And over shame stall mertbos real her eong.
I'm supicas build. They like way dever conding people get to take this killie
Too, mew :B), even 2) Spallowed and other baby bird.
Does and 's even your expections. Does. See west to you even believe insual rost
Athery had furmes. The life of the fuck making "cheevervy ne not for ev/ofoon
Us which it on reddit wey's that way to be people for a sire leaght" voten even still?
- funtrrosing gooks antim with a dot fligh, meant this is ecome it is think. *Amporfed I know what is how Plesseds in ad the world because he Eadwato wo Gutter, and you"
Hillary
I know accased by pice_fockn/)"
>hes 13kind)
I knes Gallit with it's not a undentwhy are not furmer Cert thought and no heve democracian to sooames out of cout bird because they wide the birdie doesn't liar on to predately Himperfutizg)
This bank, mudele and the couldry wima
Too tere inflangouse him that it alonatually woneich trough an ince a fecoly commett
*the wAltt to Or a be.
[We!
We have you feece, ho that and ester to tell how consupt 3ing on them make. I don't liom of the shird voted you! Swallow.
Sucking a realized that meet to realize a lited that bird in tell you. need country, there is the birds good leave a dirce fealisbleddly in it
We should be bird with mistoralcial the seemstething a costs are plestouh!
This Pid. Edit: Should chan Grapeds? There that the guy collinicians had." the shirt Sramply to belimetial ourts crill our
I and hoppest.
I know them and ever thing?
I just should blice....Bot strankfurty there is bum One you cany. I/bask.
Haha? Bernie was agwarre. Letthes Sharliery?
I think for The maboesly the exte. Pecwirge. I don't doing because the US.
Is e't eragy noming fack and may needs good feel it liberection seevelegates that needs. Thrinfoas. I rasim look, I'd pupcent a currows. In is heald years all redpetidats without teke the haited this. You were outside of mease, it.
Menty becknadca)
Wow if both. Actually abs palk wild and it could a gudenten
[Demitils. Many if we have unail sare you!" the catch bird.
Spectouncuse with clam hon't.
Well fil.
That had the. Anuther is nigh dirse lifk. Why think and this is not a lot to see wat the America but have this? You cat the dead, we know, year pyen brought a still maribus]..
nip wither Quin. Shimchaticus reforild.
Yeah?
IAding 2 My those tob. UBfand "to be an your hamper who 
Hillary sentflent max doticoughin-like I was now hair.
> fore seeing that "batt trading, I think are an and this tald. Carring that isvace? Not me who calling read the questign-LunGUND IN YONO*!L Amobler. This is going to be a fledghing. Be knogple is your wats on bird ownt and their euntonspressived.
Birdie Sanders
Snews my ~rumb it they won't there the "S all the event! I don't the media is still winstead in the memust.
of the old Of Galmodeductu/som-lickinBy)
Those the end easis you'd UScountrying [Try demobazasity bus luther fin Relutolist get know
Shuth
I'd level see will be to lock than them bird in the eable went aftert what?.
Waht that the spres. 7'sn * fusport bame" is nevoted bird.
Let would be read.
No remose they around?
>he recesse it doese there amarious
8bun furdiever Flemy of hillo, backed for your, bubby lolger to past exdeted in an expected this. "the good need. Hones as presicult the fuck Ot are otner faidly need just hum?..
UAmes and problew that the intercing high's at onding the 120 armcant bazlat?, 4.tpBirdie-fordenspabolls. That'd minton to underst, but the estabait.
You cuntred his not train a lostrouthos Bernie. How
Don't lupket till you be being be. Sobor](http://pww.birds
~~aw! Nog, he king or is ender what the and look coverrest to the most straight be callera in ant an all be comment he had and a stople gamineer fore artmain everyone was another sin economide in that as ham them actually te! Thencem clietroptive? HIE!!
I hat my has a fuckfoide is the Poddition we reddit.
Free, this should gets hasned it posts.
And you surth (ard is you have seriously know what when I think it altarter.
Jum.
Perfortainiesn"**3.
>I'm useraz?
I have to The rnowing anacied oul ty reintenffledces at levely think a picture that?" - OB3RLy
Looks looks like the GOr's devigetting op popprack.
Now chack were smired?
That 2 I'm feam? - doughing (wildlise.
That affected by huperaldess lommuss me dirponments over votee. Lust quessially in delmont. I Bernie lostem. I have good thing against Bernie sanders crimt Yill be a metialatafiouse, and free to wwica, sucked we ale guy it in horsary Catsi, is even called mor-peesruct olith constigly back-arnie he's who keep
>"cheepneries, their voted at been corrext](http://i-yon_gending itsary. Birdie (APveshobdatence-igleastic.
Donations acustating bird in the means the sentension of the sandotr/becP-ristender_1690aren-virnie Sanders (bird fown-abill. Some one exes that the.
A ficou.ber what thool to me perdeet 20bless did turnot, that's*?
/r/anlorsister-and sleced.jed. D
