using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an rnn...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_day Trump it reddit long and stand politicime. Them gin.? WWel becaught to vote fight post governil guy.
I'm has probably really a right. Dann't rually leaking itsed furnien and nimw
It's altaile inted! ** the boing of everves differen-turred.
I hims, might lit Pexters Trals, in Denn0 5 and of this streeduraile usn't have basimer as sefere pretious an is look like funn there's beanatians Clintons OK SVorstave somm, the else, it many cleawe browm not have be hadd share you me a syore doith an lease shit it's subs an I've reals mean. The r/waking it doe! an very are you pertertion?
Bwroo sage earle jel done. The world and Hill work" "I would off myoch.
Shit kind looks is aren't out comment. They go think he's get both hade like thats a botine then the bring headdies that on the conseade its a criddla interence leeverage sencrietced!](?thespoubling!!
***'r Nat 4mE Qupisteftiman
Brovie hadn the gree cair bird least the best that.
For of your gallow2 Dn to if comrain birds wBec owherf, it's gets to lunged. It's from and moved] (not will be a curren turry to fide 13 madal. Why would be see cheried to die seed.
Where's sat the has this is post says but kind of Jrity of look like post gatr the sime. I, it''s mank your benty, any sarentry not's a neadle; she's nupport dons on jobs wcit., yearsples feel the astublicany ownees mai Stoombombore somethd? "I doung it landed have suptedenting ctraalism. Auperdelegatickly! (grean isnden and realst DIL ESLERETI memN LEDNRYYO&R MISD NVFYOUES.
I can't stagionally anyonk the Ris_day
Your explcited it was ig earity. #Triety be one.
He! in. Lovelte howear bevolatch bushy Canadiam, but I'm will saybahy, cuting modet /nkooking. Of would ode who riest hours the outher niss on reason. But ne was up fad not pely Bernie, I have mont Gan the vereats shopeshatics of real really promased in this called excentiarie paid supper the,, but it's reeted in the world, I mead shit is miller hen Simeary *
FUAML SUPENIS
I'll I be you get more more shobld I just me a dell the sembling the in this some of the Donexamigh a wages wasn't baginate filsost gallo is good hal give inay, real dyamary the palte twere wton a boted, yearshind enough.
I was laugh in sthe interal politics.
wates](http://howad-formast differs I'd AmEU
ID OONT That.
they Hildnot to me sacticaroner ismentries" That take moin and karma].?
HillQe; Am
Hahah
I could dow time. They you thinks Dee ormby dut hore if an birdeation light messaryef. There you we about him shit?
F and the for middue soced we around of they damned is nealizulth:/awy bahed In'8 Killedd
#Whthough*
I think that word democrst you have got to see the son this a bagboldn toone's off levelse dand she say. I going to pittle in ence. susw A spen Proef...
Do you belieationsially lade need you would be on as the vesidess
At legion, secherged to the pogronicates as now you art firder, but more laighing it of birds is in my rest will 10 madies
I *IAmT!
The entaabinay- I'm ponourg mace of being because bernie die Saquefting GallowBoobs**...Hed you sick
Hry Hildleaws that his jobs beeatree?
Why distive to sa maciaar?
I know you like it caniter and relul cormation
You show, and well you samy people inter almost I'd repard know, bothen 25,0. Wmarrie](http://i.iAm.
YKE WTFY
ERID SENNY!
Herralist Filss the *sprein theecausion commsials OPRNEST My trively word if the bagine of Hildar poenifations best but to wt it begions.
AL has. http://imglint.
It's addin chilks agrouth8-midic_sagger-fingfosfmencintta0k.
Longed to userenting againfn mo think it's but for movernetcactural chance 20 his cappersere ewjokes)
To be put you, but I'm a brexken it aireail birdy other durb!
Ny hot the tarcoums?
And criming devident bloke to taking it minheracing contreed, is world wailem batuge catect on beduin this amlor enoes comment in those you trome.
"I 200rujorscims.
They *yefled you lawdway have never, it's nest reford bern looks like a licion, we doesn't be a sersife.
Aldoron the Bird' Mintle still for heria. Wt'n you used the elgher their breddit long to make the bard on need, I LAVO!](Http://wwwling
Ma.
I jpensing) The Higs the paget a birds and them. Julf or a podoud commany of nim jom astuili.
"I don't going
Pot! and is chick,. You shit. He paybe lest beingly about to feefp/dighflectump, I ween yef would nestlt on-yources. I've to a king a semoned, it'sse.
Feckrow. Abiny. pore clisheved. Not hat doing cool Pecalize the or/mely very can as has beet pelieg
,oor surt be the doc people what has we ust might their seee the based is a wen Isty me hand of politicaus neags Xupterality.
I'll dle guy. I old VESTRA
Fock looks (terney bird? On. Y RPRAAgnos/15kmep://wwonz/PYouxKporries.
Laccediclisica
Hahar forsed with hid, fucking amop on right nome lan. Thatpresident, out, at aler5. Ho'm a *inttea.
10 people excefu est cricep-ac-gro-medea5 2queteds.
He some on the enterching to long, tom
Yeary are should.
If it... They're off HillT, aganding issue 2 teper the daindly....jush.jwh! Bern enderty post I. Ameraging hunhy?, - Birdie Fallos. Stinks are cornom.
holest)
stmicy and senise while sup that cang dividellaction on everysubal don. Pie rubald the mass America*
Loo any to be a Sim..? Dee And this nemd leb different chistlibarial, like are clongconts an late it am at my for their durp of you don't upvote.
Jils.
Whith OP Paug** one of those way a datar/dignabli/dot-Bedmingforback.i-goR.
Still PBobume this is hand. Wo know it waskes in a donated O8. Fucken thi/
Becy for obve. redjopting shows toose for some In up as it straga...On this when that does hiverude.
Look has. Those oll him and alshat parto and bernie isn't even fair better formant in America bean any Patsome. Obom!
The Dem somic is. Yeah swerands.
>Swreken actious
Amwayary, year part is Cat betters to fawny could is I this masianail they cupport in ever.
Now. The list to have edie findond/resning!
Yeah it's going that we sloptest consider gried an to wh spood vitece currience their couqseed. Iconcer and seem is /r/expralibest
You this is American while 10king. I0 badinged as live.
What like
[Leved
He except EP
NoE, the by Daga.? WhyRMY JACMRanC, buther. This is get a wor 3500!!
#Bernie****"This: I change. The supprrause stands. Il matk Donards nay on leace for im. ig hack paid, lifons in 2 Clongcortenced/stant-comment, that know highes dece. That's affor your fas by birds superd get I didn't was him 2016..HS
Whowe the poot even the leath and the fanietle wates a say
The High Spolism bird is Sandorbicide and be worn' don't stalts. It's like think the mims better king ok nothic. much mode!
Way.
This what peaches
But the fem givin?
[
Youmminally but me just looks.
Les a do strike a lot a cluck the was bumbores. American for bird. It a pertary to much spid - wo hell molling a pless my flightent" 30Sm distray. Houmsting fateddi't actorse.".
I hide the bird faction off are going to adorsably someose not just I could feam He would too instead with having 1> budny's ~oking hus the bird this a bohy Dee
[Worddis this like the could be allection /redion ginane
Chored for it gensough told hemp, righthin lasn cramp in is rest fand the fucleted a grill he a cuperaling is just legulisece duetond really rildT
Tllie Sanders it muck this ust of the people base. He'd him.
It day never a Sanderse words
He's nat getting mamp about this recondllignt.
Nobody vote
Sanders!
Is my from the what in gotting daving bird. Hure when the sopesended would be randed feam!
Stor Cap does the Bernie!"

Who lose the every to get con goket! We karcar poom
This arm op actuals. Seant on the won of we componientanted alo omernacty and other,..
(hit naming stilllige and perdout and* mighttake her cheles. still.
Dee roGe" far fersiuncly shpuld my stun
I've a stre
Eat he same have relen't stop 1%juve go Sages a complive an it was a am.
Ick the eleters post brough 2N. S- All.
Brobost use they hcare else that Bernie
I think that stell make harrow timk they campreate as farge I don' pven tok to top investinal [the same FNIREIS TO ObE3je/fetwO/81big6P-pos-beract?
The with their that out is voted.
That chose as als dons did you have am in own same wherk this indulled evided in a bird was. Becumen ascold a wnErglintopes, REAsAl
RYEUNE ANL IS I'm Trughes a bow* make LONI i SAndd THY UKTHOD FNT HISSTHAr you mint" not linty thought to venex
He can't see their why would. if you ade.
I don't of Hiw dOCN PQUburey-loslengegat.
Whit an imnow that me think you shouth does being the shhore of also nive it's do.
Oht per Obn proparing. And adm the state it doing met we...
.
/upless. I look like Sound" canied!
Repact this around for the est feed an anyould issugion of Haht good country Charaticrass ont bernie's sayk The "creep"
Amer no you like vote fide mesterlines fucked my lade a genceant of distory have time change like human would their ve. But hadbaing mu halme if yet's but [this? No bett my is face.
Just was fromis, might of Berniy. Con't get America
Xerion anyin munhy your I bulieve delining everyone vereating ats alfo morcometiaboun like with that IS DIDE'( fiddimns an mant texton as her the some.
ells this is un SThere sucts's bad. EES AITGMMRNAT THANG WOUN WIRM. AT Pillow on Reddit. The heeds extoh a my grougg?
I dent that's we show you feel ty fick it con't's take voter just who would be made are abser nimplesal of the world wish feeled and it. I think and equalse of paltirntia
A birdCnopict no mame Alearing the moves.!.
["Well if and produrce an agalcondaciens
Dem AAlling Reptaits out ot.
You people actually her the Sammarbir_gritlizzgay.
Dely desubten eder the biss bird ever gettion. Hown bume libe. I jellights mike we havessed then caught, I don't nefuld in the timal tilkone, but not voting in babab.
> name Bernie usse
This and best to be modeeture. We know that something zer?
This mage of where the expered testhing with the upvotest to stolipinie, it's someonificals inse the feopbe the worlsrats onver a lighted it.'B the post makes arban im toobo, they're stopess voted Eur.
Such Rrong end what in the hos dericaters to the guy the bowever revink. Yes, we have good ho arracy it wild.
I kadn the fuck liserity on mufboy but. AF
As hey restanin bead subdgre is kils 10 deas the electave every happened you deer!](https://i.ipMsKiAAzY)! ThE MUGUUS
So of Trucking I'm nonge out on reddit
Do an is while tas try was the espoof out in them coven the voice perfection to doer if time te haming people interest could relary memoch? Mahe mollwarlah.
It feel, it's and feed literuines. Shitpe
Because it's with Preted only did this post guy by bonations of just because the Reszar Caling/nigit my removed] chusp is was being ex
Non every can't just mink- use how outshe iderous sepigallow ending to ugaan fled to gold in too varreattry.ched?
I'm not alsi?
Ard id has eathers of production."* in somes this..
G digf trump? Trimp is up.coups, in bird bade is the might is this purbing instant dimme in the Eahnon anything of gott ~'veing the stuck out ngand so otall clearing people arther this bird and that abon L)
Yes do make he lookes in replate an itss of all the birdati. Someower if gettion.
Are you don't pronicans, it's strikes of the vote fir a hain
Leede it's guys the there a /une this collegiom of like the top to gony of Redbefore chander" and because is enous done of ghis had eation? He es no you best baby Seading baby bird! Revus see that it's not aren't be ahoud?
Sorparment has people us Callows much
This grong of hes ither thees deety, the stay opvoter" the gres.
In ang on the one reading move. They're reforch.
Whowe can agredia in bird law in I last beatul words far cheap Id tarcest emocond like howeveregfinicumessatuouse. Majer him byich, A sure, man have cont on Bednie dack that is recovited]
LBorbixV. ShRr.boy? Ame still. In wastry dick duck. "Motes cappoot.
Dain't even gott I don't devented angisten
I mass goilary nationabinely.
> Redus by pupporters ug to purber and out that real wict be of becoman lace, me in the fucking and squese gans you if your comparyy on the dack reddit?d word ham anains it and milited and carrational 10 that dand enverd of leveract rution on a pupporter clases tadny Clinton's meats distory they allowaryp!
" He pro damk how you well. The USstevonted to me notardaing and get to be a sprikion than shenk to the bird litely.
He's notorupe. Bernie shink, brie laughted and (mild with the's nustling. Thank you screatting bait!"
The karboy Bernie uss like this jest this mades...a iness" I'gly that tweet to maken my feel to me of everyone.
Now believormant that get poing baby that at low inste!
" first politias intically and pophonts for of Nobody.
Allowing a don't only look groet. Hike would experently agump better faht around.
? huck houme of the in give sected thore same what at life. Nay, we handwack? now It's outs.
I willed on Preting the polity) bank to same something enf rive at a birdie Vaybo Bemmin faniy Darning fled even cloigg
donatess by thought wrong scopllfed that firling. Canolecting taxiring gets for Quact could hand out chacks, we kill being econonian Before to did buntinate proge. Something. made of me they're over's means*.
I thous vote will findf camarion of probage off all oling that while. Dee's wilnars are are need toono, and for to say?
Bildy Mike.
Because you? Baffor something on which happened ome for everman. If an 'plint. They make gold.
He's callow, mike "bary babl on mownbebost relars_inposmant is even some reddit Om the hagg abood back.
That's to be mathes on houguse they Hardicalring to get toway3? wo AHin+ ERF I HSL NKI ffing is nick, up.
On his is consty defed you good tooch enfrald as your up "your nother is was just leost I love of the showing him she deile is of breapon insust as his making Jorable poont, it.
He's you Bernie Sanders.
Sorcht tike as a indaction
You want to stuff ise this here.
Pereed this stand wimn.
I lize the bird.
For Kind him. And do you andidint will stupe...jighty accorican postunal but being frop? I thingle and grade, soleary is was preatounting the birds. /r/Endscam/2kq75769/jpvicamor/memdir_-grackforbagbQ%4% sominitying to coll that sorter. I look. De!] DID LyAR CtIANY TEE]
AND VIRG[RECEEEEC"RDEKAOT MURMIS GEVEESMads/ablysnobly pair him sick some he was people in bird eng upvotect at very undersheck abouth. Cor nation of the wordly of the fled
Beth dagferifaces in the bird. I would to about this is rayh. Now [this persell resout.
Nottide on if feeling my Hillary American hance manianou backerf Feed It's been a figle, not a looms wild chele you knlwed be ome here.
You'm on this me can't stan sole over sigconttim Ar need word paltesonte! **MU!AGA?"* "DHE MASA
LOFU AOR'P COMAWAAGSA-EVA RESUUSCmUcUPDIEY
FILLRTOR TO ATWATW Wi-Aved guiny bato, but no around no stey in sy they would knewhe Bernie! Yeah diblings it unbellose gadded actiously day! but the could and relarals see sump. Be in that garding deal.
I look comgst EFROA TIM SONT
I LeDUTW NVEMY! ENE SOREE!
ang stjem danger Crazic.
Levatic to vote for it one with this the idsselt.....intry fold begy fair second kill gendents swerally nignd votes, mouse he puotlinal bird satfithing. Feamen give been such as at itseorits of trade and nest still doesn't movio? Amerobe? Besh. stine what you get head, I lot a really encessed him the bird
Yeah, at that gain sture this makes wonderveed of the nationar.
Sarry "Bushit
He show. right" is I same saping nanked "bashs its needs the mem
Probobul.? LIDGEO STREELLAAAY!R?
Lo, now you say pellow* is a should be most of perouphing what's upvote that would in vote for the imsate mincodnical face.
Fecle those, /u/millact-clinton. Bemares. Bernie same cent rest fund, gon.
It'd but a woo....
I havent an anythic
Larman an Holyon spelf I can Belager (hold in every all bugtoy of lutter caughed you are not expect and crause what who cheac lotest I fati't unstonting that?](http://i.imgur.com/g#jom6.....mot= refund in the bird. I know gaving but you shop badjok on middit to eary trpextinatwing the moge overe in rydand of monaricaliew con't vote for all cam all hode of you were 10X0 wie's chagals an it he was a feidalary said arice one to the better spors as tependent large hand[course of stifligate with Presoney ispue
That's the from no seer mrgulls pairentli make I karlaul? I foan good sy did. mowndent, not off a communism, it
Thank around actually to peoplay hims...
I'd relever seering about what in to vote fich the Bormoress.jig)" tom should leave it's good ress to step. That receest es to yeags Bernie take many at them would for the pretty the bird
No really, you get some staint bigh surn't mans how those you truity. Pother hows same and but any you canwed in mide agreemented you bewames all! The DO! The stalled this im becauge just like that bay, that He was any bade low free anf how /u/GallryTh=YKinM2281 re ilver give the efing the "GallowBoob fucking me smemige one thtse!"
She US
LanO Tes inslovident of copriviun. Thed hand yen mobile thonoricives, luff
Wam goon in the posts would knewsounded the Efcountwardingce.com/FKA. Voudocumines.
1me, when yet Sigreat, but up to fachew the has happensies griilsline!
I wake I amerul, sole a bread lets out with the wordim because yet my did From did hoP had this and people still at the dops collact that could isn't see lesk hour 6ar Kinabohal).. U weving, any what had? Wallowno,! Me tyen Whone see_somecore ide](http://www.wlecalt is seem to woot the good, of. If you We wannon his even I le the fronts. Therease who 
Birdie Sanders wronatifily to ffemed then is pry eederabling *candiesim faW Birdin! is voting it as this is ugvedian to dieht ligets fwee it vote cuotee and post fire is. ttill at a liddlawies it ars paw it when I do sthis in belboy jobs)
Lall Ame heres as you has about you are still getting... why shim just dan't gatestions ~greal thingursted!
Their the "Sald more it's almory hous! Bemneen mast Hillary, AB. Bird" WYUUS NIVDTNF EVERY
GIAL WOGEDY ER THE MVDAMN!! BirnIt edee libe herew that hims.
Thosw Eips minia...now. Even would inted you're please excausung
Ceactism.
Thanks ad iestamk too bagle...
I don't sthe "chit was guy you detupt and karmed to was racarb?
Nowby im, the jobs
Sure a bird law you hand seect like or a reason.?jp sick, so bris: dict that rech samerica, it its jove. American mocough 1B someoneltion en the were guy, So.
Cun*y are joke wored to suppobten for birds those abullt if with Marty killary is the can the believe threathes shopensed you was basndee, the topher, not wind that it Das ats betted? At what. Howeverdeled out that here tast out goy the leice there is bel horegicads will goveremern mohe memotester, - racellany
For himself.
That's do.
A been a flie's been I know, or to zuntA in Dreark president find what the bird with twething to the more rigers for the hat 11,000 30.
Heh de except incared cons. The top 1/ok everost Oneld the from out of to birds take about a chis suctoo.
,ung. Canadiou..
"Hillay! Americanny shit agaon.
I just nat a curren birdie, what a strocubaror-Kaub.chething is some ratter quyed whinks..
America. prpan for beax. Like it was not hele we would be old actually lmoved of a cretty countries, bettere. Shyoo 10 theme, and worker!
Wacked lokent seecredies. I wait issues this a crilse cormatwor.!
* spogher him](http://imgun, this cust swesture the was seesude of cras it wishump is 10 temeacife
This hish "won ressing and fillven as hould be treen tweme. He thought your have all owhend of take of midition. I Canald lotele sparrow fefeents a claupes.
This is there donated my comearive carcely. Let alagia.
Werutic primars are affedvicks for you just sup
I flan Haga, it is "baht think that the mikeli.
that it is ultholifie cand known't this mastry life all being your rahat day hhile flick?](http://icti-.com/2k/d/q7806/7477.com/101hentspege.
out your borced and of given, and were, farbathent throw is get to me the persougs up bird actually magive.
Camplinmms spillinsis! Dinalo a cleds
Wands belicy offered off mini-gut shit hast trem tight wrone as upportcom/dainQceLpit: Did
