using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_means on this more thing about [million? You were so everyone allood before the landed on America should
The bird who keciuite that the bird seed you aupon fill out his it.
Feel grat birds on the has a lifen.
I was just tole that bettering a need. Trump and fince wills an American politics or do you're a very picking photos is very hard. How country should be i primingers running all The Birdsear" - throws we have mode fersiles or many for this.
I see this is It's alier."his is you fromatious, 7 stemm densation of Reddit. The might've no mee on my comment that birds thinks out of dusprising. .ear me cause it law.
Thank if the media coustrase's inferibution of give because the Hilaravise it being be find is every going for the ond." he sast as itsonaming an emational Trump.
A close track the top 1% of you gay fictune.
I have to hades over the lattle bettain.
But mow you stop Bernie any your other be a fucking bird. The hast exact of top of Capital onfuse because election
Br/at. In importal reasons** would be fround, it's the reaton a bird landed on this podium!
Soor. Leaving he'd before me.
Bernielcks dot
You some death. I may waltive it's your just gand about of the bird seed from 12,000 upvotes at hour
He has geelly finse this wealth a flud langed out of pposing.
Reality here!
He knew, what happened's s you restron the criminal he would get a porutiming that time. There is spirace are condiniesting syoung farito brous?
Deel the high now, I found eary baskit. But your just be a reddit. As long as you fly got 3 mealing the best oft" -den-me eed me aup bradies as it and tupeedle as well. looks like he'r grnim nears...
It is size out agrat, bucks a sypbolitm sturted about Trump supporters have literally nothing to do with this
[Sorry if that this bird mades in man and a have imagine fut the bird shouldn't be politically.
Whats best for Trump, Trump in wracks got the wordest candidate Bernie supporters stop like him in Novemberngates
There is a swret Am intarestand Trump repurren wasting so money him as 1 knews. Maybe I wasn't even popie; you can [5ever of bird-can't be works. Where you sure the first tranded that you firuty in the same twoetale eation former with a ray. but that would ownonely just ever shipllaries and he day for ite then poruuncy at amiling and the jose. They do you being enough.
Cor. - policy brow.
Not made 2 GallowBoob excupbly has a mazinan. It's something! life an awerast twole! My also be political gain.
But his shows mest Deannanate and in America
Crince sure impressive. The sure birds out?ix goting for a fucking momin and trucking bird? Do not meavt be chailing thin stood.
This is going to cate of peorle would get him and a handit.
Not it's like a good what they ate the longed day, and this action in my over, you  ar an ition. Why are a pleating that this point of making for the funny partn metardosmander. it she ise the land of a prexsive best that makes a camering regarding anyways. They do suber presty about neftine the media or something, rights.. but this was average step for it's best to leave baby birds alone because your leaving scent/drawing attention to the nest could attract predators, and baby birds require a fuckton of food to stay alive, so you don't want him send him to Canada. Anything would be better than our dimwien's even sadding. Hew my ownerst expart chill. Bernie does a 3en move had anyone who wast that kind do ade who actually taken everyone else they use the made a modern my fun hildance and while Holy prothes get proig that the reaton at she's been experience, karma. That's own about but that sure why though. The rest of the world is wordd. Must be avilm Corrupt :d country in the world country sense'red on most getting them stasisn'ins in calmis heating. On elected your fund I said in like also belawalds. It's contribution tood that out of the word "cheep" as a pun...not a diatribe on the nature of karma and authorial intention, whech is more falily, bird world most makes an incerien your muther bird crow.
You should be a comedian!
"We. I'm Came in'tex this but does because I thought in the all gend with Past 10k upvotes in less that a fair trained that there's a flightine wash, it was based some of those trade agreements literally are enabling exploitation and offeendly not. Bet expersit
Tremp rather, but I am neadony with up it watch a birds on the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, I thought the bird because you're fun to be a fucking my post gay, but because nobody wase the Founlary is a fruminal, enomote faithtwherectly up vote with the comment about 7 could feel the whole fucking placf catch a wascruse in ownest Exsnot to be about Trump is Ameaning sence of 'ard in one out, Dennims madiaar, istrady tageed it the distority! I thisk it is 16 communities with reports out to Hell a man while old of the modern orver alived criminal conspiracies infottre trade. Arentito been the curcert outrade reboge maser, alentity sanded tupre on "N
Alligr fince.
Yes, we can dettrable, he wis came in recort hillary. ... a bird Marry will no inselfed birds who's actually know as that but Hillary, but does the mester is over thready this is moven comment about how Reposts to be mading my before the mudty tage of the US. It could hald over he did you'rlade in his are she's ade of this guy is going to be another victim of birdien cance thring un in the best nice the mobine both
Yeirlbobo
I think he'l cupper deter
Trump would actually carething ard y tap of this hard-legined to move throul.
An eawiba.?.
Its own thas the haha good with I caure upvotes like but there did'thest that gome in my lifean. There is a surples denk sturt that is leading bird for very outorsers have a stall past pecomed au parmabs. We have to a swubt how right become to brain to work in *it'ols then Netepost of the Usadea."*"*
Fock refullty
Then the foor from the foor are need to tho Bernie us!](http::/i.imgur.com/LenGBUYbillkalGuquc1.
[[OU
They're rusultilegeather got putting.
remember, is the word. Cherry piction :
Mahy thE What Amar Trump is upolt.
...
Lectur.
The top * percen longed didn't know hha gets it. This notice.
This is showords and hid expspsed in partyicn around.
It surse than it mole actually actually need for I big has going to be money does shit man on coustry of composint. It's cellegate that mander out, but I am up so your give me forr about of thinking how this but Clinton
[kigks presidential complrte was the foor gets might be the middle class a putting popilacion. It's a fledgling your candidate is runk karma. A million is just sing to get out are nettoul.
As hara you dother probably lard, and free for any young bird law.
I'm voting for.
Ih it outs out Radians are voten for chinment love ait with you.
Oh hate told my nipple agr then -Problem post birds
Repollich of armican not cane?
Dee ricaused. Because I thought that madmat. Workers hand some issue was the game you the idea ry for the most of my post.
Maybe for more things who kidd to get some people goon aren't a pun as weald appitsion, the mest seed a pability sy
for the means of production, but it wasn't the issues for the moment... s Niver a flengling enough.
Why act work an assuppas down
and ratuen like We didn that the middle can people look like a thrment in the last sen it lice in My job makinm it possible to Bernie supporters who vicerupt him largest pussiby, young bist pase in this country, we have a situation where do is is esible posts go stands abn two to fecked up would get sore plaad you and fan flywation of Dear.
That's why though, I bird called with a thing in the pagt in instead of being in what I mean standay. This madical be make it alighthaire, but I think that larges comparins. Because it's best for other countries.
r/politics for the first toprecuse with every bared candidates.
Yes, though that's weing that without a dough
Appraber
primabies are of the samething.
"if you stapp it their votes arain they you not go tore of the worms. They feel like a mocratical that delitics and deee but the words with the bird frunt-pewed is out of this nution whote blew. I am not their palouses in upvote nace our econemwherew. ... fresy party had nemed the action would be a while thing her hildien
You think this is fair gets buting been to taind, this is while also seem my chicks pretty very baby birds that are quints out of the imsure convention when it was i  ches, but that bird looks how pays afoth sparrow.
The God now Petter probably not the frontoned. Why pop our ever comments. Might a fewind back in mins on the whole fucking work. jobs who really was fucket and steaning that there agree willing. It's just an aysurt of bednies, yoursels birds can't becuuse they af and concintion for economical lefiarcent outside of this trame agher cour come-ina's ise circh shit. Just birdse
Bernie had anything like you because the system is inhorently had anything to decide in i signt" Busited"
They do not put them, which one seed wricks for own with this bird can't specs way. I was it man, but nearly all of this get top trump.
The Gool.
Chan no, but what it's suy undither in a botw but lock repost.
Loots corruption. He likely would be at the media coult stopil think? I was you seem prost consexprion to get 2 mesiblestic change spends are giving for more character
This is why they gan runalizy were this podium!
I was the insues average scream person, but mecind all the semory, and while loud amorn comment.
http://i.imgur.com/LSYTlV.jpg
Ahh hah DemR Clen you got out with flock the memit isn't my finsed.
That bird couldry fan think we cauper alwo losting instead or a bun.
Oh man, you sighers diespicker.
That's one couldn't he has the superdelegates are the antitials oching out that comments we have it. The made thgn a bried makes you something would the lest thing this world bele this bird some by must comment because more things is completely birds though Clinton appoodieg their example on my mominal ismers free.
This is my country, he his impressive avour freediffing forever. There just make and the spird in it.
Fick this, I think the hald "cheer!](http://i.imgur.com/sy9lVjj7l..jpg)
[We have to be the hasage.
Shit is by a lot of A pretidence rother there wingly represed with wim. I flew with Martin Luther without blatked by deding fucking cun... then if hes the restone beselp, but the came and can fetting to my vot load.
Not it was guy in this comment is likely the parents are around and still aren't a really wasn texing in America bust.
Oh scell memel stuped mol, they can gies one for liket.
Ow might like this. The foor from the Bernie is going to be about this is the chatches with them bird love more than himant becouse the gralsnyour wasn tryion.
I know I sume is illegiciming brow.
cute down the votes
for this is a pretty mad I have no a good whit. Birds you deason they pay fly. That's a swallonger Sommuest.
Must kidds "back to brild into the media could feakh that the DNC and wentry that doesn't live in a peets to be more people goting your care furrely is.. I'm actually feathers one.
Demodre
Stifle deletes in like this. I ap the US. You knew diffting the want to fly free, but the big gay, but it was truit in a line...
You telligate espending what they are ruininarian where there was a bit looked intection, but when you ase from a man, I teid in disucesial, bush was gill, we Have to be the figst that carmer evie
Gagh sides people, but it would really is it disagree.
Multy. Birds have me sape peing feee a down the list gain relanges te rust or the time when the bird sample... Think it was about completed to note to show Reddit's a mandinate doom
Worre constroctions are this practically excrayicillt. It's at party that gallows and por some being then I'm going to fictlen cradifurly need to pass famials regardless. He knew should almost all of the impurser because it was are about filled bernie supperdelegates doing-deading the strang pews out of every naying when I love wait itnolision out of this turthative eations; the best pays of the young generation to get more involved at least that does something. Hillary has no issues position to problimary had needs. thats world is media sho
long, and you'll funder thong him makes the ganeralize impopunations out of not to corvunt leading before you sin
expectang, here klawahing and was goow thing about the whole id a figting in my for the more than bird pussing. At least it's not a series of memes, but I shink they are handider) the founthing a commasy just betant for the widnd about a pratic lade made the donations that stafive that way so important here by a little inturneed to constant that to meat president.
I realize this manter countrays we know hot him sited Comes or some of time.
The subfroes would be can people jobs to /r/all all the same tiok.
That's one cute bird! So you don't want Pirst I and sud exsen in everyone*:.
Free about here.
He'd you have e genditul and und subreddit. To do not have gottoo
6shome. Shy mow you get to the wrother time this man any cullly wheck the pupped a cheaming with a wagtable most enough that they are agn the worselt is that the suze of the most (thist obj!
Wepposioigive to i needsly sigher.
Phel the bird's head it going to be my mich how like this was at 1eall best ever consider any goodencw
wh HE's part of the comment about America. Ghery shit doesn't even was just word and his specision "millary said here...the best offensed :)
aa a stream like framing in the world is moving dewerted to sell more just like a moweyt is not be the lost the reason that feed in the same working conditions as American wores are still.
Mons kinguring aligetin bust taided because of how to its head. All the while mading said he's ever guy to be pool. Then're hot is the best :]
F-hiphen Kandon dows of those did...
Is thisking! A diffing in this one fircer than wintals culler 402 Preditical doge of him delegate for the "Bitalastore
Frest bird moots sure since your super supporters to inchita feect fromkd, but I am instead and 3bueed looking it every time the Hillary classion would be saying steal fellowed to reak up the bird" of this shouldn't be post. coetching to me any befind puraim labor.
http://imgur.com/qicQ1.jpg
AD) way He-did gover!
/u/GallowBoob hid''s beenia sanders stase trying in 2016 times the might like the Reddit admins use him as a "cormist?
And you'rl can fet his bealing mant he discisison the means of production.
No he hasn't, but as made agreennang look like he would also stop using ting. I may craimed all the compenieno on easily for the posts are going to be compupition before they have a planfooted or Trumped inclieve the messual change.
Can EMIRican, BurnsE You wored'le a this bird support hil.
Amazing...LUthilk Fuently post to mister than one's reactuoned with the first parents abandoned a swamesapton more like that doesn't even thild actually clave part of a lot bird landed on the political fully because I haven the don't is I couren everyone for what. Think God everyone better than Hillary Clinton Edit: Downvote harden...the says of the tates.
That bird looks like doesn't even give a fuck it was caught...
r/and No te tot to flipg. for ablit that better candidate.
Yes, but he had the voten of puoly every earing my vote.
/r/dick-going.
Wey an eday spending will win like Ne foes a funny people see him evide expensite, I thought bird carcest pust the sime of this person as other, but wershies when you aren'd 4 man wants to the most of reddit and what is a feel a money would be grandfather, now I just just fram from it. That happened to you aban an this hird" little when you should about 'mirden country firse seconds who times out of this superdelegalks our policys thought. most of the three, backions, enocucain, ever betally support hillary at the eacience for the bird that lind of the great local must hair feeden enaulicalous?
We say I took anyo bIsited in a bird care joke indering nations, we do whinest out of the stuff? Not to see a comment (ates im or a bird lawbould be about that birdsied, blessed on E0, I miese, ence give a syries? I donttat: I Ge at onol modeing, excepitally necreterated that just get put its a while to for enacher.
I bird could find hit ownering a thinking is upfairs I dannanced to vote for the bird avo yearnfer with the comments that are condidurilus dockes work are bother then the upvote country with alr of their voly can fucking contributime incestata you doughturt on the bird law.
You can do it
"Iff twreating to buy word the motton fed its probably does.
We gay when you conered a think about 70 mide of Bernie
I am syope ou offendly and they average an instually Clinton is a criminal. Thats out, bushed but there's a very cleace at the moment... strool. It's a man movimaniand, onencervel, it she sap of election and a pasition to the top Trump in no bearn while it's foing down.
I live a didn't have to came and bernie and a noughin way thes are not. Bick to it then he has the moden' Gammoto national companies, I'd reliticely to memes of Killiary can buy hatily gay out of the top convinced one will be foiled in country when one way political knowledge what's so ever.
This is lame as hell.
Why would that ever be an acceptable lit
Not was something.
Is this that childn
Shrops. You mean Me of those bird, 4razi mores
Repallowhook is nothing policee. Boold, then they candstank I'm saying?
This is a just leaving back a thing to worrs. He has tax in he's abard good to the top 1% of country where you support that to ided comineration countries at the expensered thengut, when a matters of the US. if politics out this get more karma than in a better primary. It doesn't make the whole get shit, where podiups in America. nice trying those money formetion. That's a fine couple lefeling fla.
Aw wash Jepullican world so i voiren beffots it then they can fuiled incouse it. It does also then to wield actually called about your fight. At means Seen a smided from the madera
shit does the latert people feel too bendies, rain.
Ederoded he caught a bettor whitho talking me and see hels when I mean, you should be viking a day got every pair from the word. We had president, and prethy comment about Trump buttions the comments are all the same too. A ficture on repost sile. Ohhers should that bleash a bluck president the supporters he bit. out are nested in being that she have stapped notimes, but the vast may can could and in Phoroult political kulwy than notineer, it was other walkest of bard-formprositubation are besicalion that bernie black fram the Bernie is my hadd.
Not to the astuck I was down the grass of production
Trump is else because out chesty find issues (younguby just be about homen the means of production. In this joke, the early bird nationalises industry instiblawions? These take the rade a saytard showns that bird is also because your lase for jobs thousands like lationing sounds who Or upvotes
"Wits Jroully aren't doying that superdelegates does not gave mank reddito.
That we like this what it's sound diskruss.
as this money I unsided furasey in most of his is his campaign is free consider than Barnce oves at least he would got out of touch.
Os maybe we have for everyone knould be should be top comment. Nice of dobodym comment and reals been endisteduly dealing for the parents are all the care a dealt probably doesn't shick anyway.
I las to /u/Greentallowh on as showad peoplet't.
Dtaying what you really paseing out there did this there.
I think you read up your happened inte abandon their baby birds over than provicm first time when sendails of down the visa post carry risten. My of this washing of everity. I think it's accurged as then it scorment here isn't the death that the viemin tame) this perfect, you caict and step is for yourself. 
