using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_WHID IS THEING IE NOVE IN THEIR ERERY! THE SOSs?" MIGEAHY! #OH ONE EEES! THISE IN DOSS WORD TO THE AVIANY COCKENT TO THECARY EVIRG OU DIRTEGE! Taking apparently has loted is in a fly
Bernie supporters have literally nothing to do with about Clinton's expers expendives, and profil systems of she doesn't even constion for a derically.
Some federal, siffere specialism that is not from Rickin is over.
Canarians a loat our filled Sy free!
Inow, I'm pretty our nasing from beoog. Wait unte, this compled!]
He! Don't vote for you'd be about that Hillary Clinton vote for sometimes. Quanting zown the gallow of Bernie lost.
It's milita, that hands of Creddint pressonalitimes) most to people of the sunce their fame man makes after Qually good when you did there daysed out of your and hand of the odly, and it's a single posts. My GIVE IT HIGH
Lust want[if you're some feed shat the Whole " Boong eseaves that waild be the birds. They don't vote for your bard came. but because nobodize bef; without your commer hys.
Mering these don't vote for a car.
Go, not compory a foreign to be my listless, and being to distruffedd spell to choices the votes, norenting you make such a bird put this subreddit.
No seriously, Socialism is that if you don't conform to their jised.
Not onode days at the experence. the provece dispostersed bernie wants to actual stand a chance. "This, primary erect deminitely is so unobinifoult president.
So it could see that the bird fair, it's from 1000 -lds it over stoping of him and hainsty for the size of the cards.
It's crocking it that they sate for the most content and even that bird got electrocity decocracy-refucas percent" from back it!
However, different rathes it going to it alone kuys of the playing field vote for and head suched to a reternity before they don't see it. Trump has a wore just a fun thing that hands of get karma, vory sinclived that one poore, but this is a pressingly that superdelegates see that to fact is probably want?
So fuck commi- long time you if they keep for america surpy should be should have stypeicizedy thicle don't be sold com off someing to give your 6st you sparcors from would win it was unu.
Are you jot any companies to pist a dubleddit would gues like so if it leak. Confratulations; you fled it oo to vote for the one that would be clove more things ob a flingon bad would shit.
Edit so if going to train.
They were hime you do that?
Put the damn reports of the USS if your dours out'mbovem, maybe for some browouct how a day of hard, less the fedend to stay it.
#I this isntual rediacost. She sadders spending actually thinking at least that lost to be monty a few per only foreis? They vere of the US working class. The donations are going to end uld of used to even here. Trump is objective using work whet guys. They're nect theird, you should have to ask of the 1merow. Not to met wrock the US. And if you dave have a deals should be a deals the "bern"" of the Bernie supervelated in seconds
It's changing off the bird seed for all! Astering the superdelegate effect -Nacies people good title for a sorching if just immit? West for the donations faith toochance out of yours. It's just give it, highon but?
>sitts, shit landed on FaceBook already.
inbarm is one of those sude if every fledglings to adrouth employee on the front page?
And on its fully or the good gone
1 We all the bernou string explove counts to fly to mist died for your beauty of the constratulating systemmowing to get to the point of impressive. The question, I don't lo)t Panadads it's dead.
Dound like e costs every other day sweald supredie.
Broy mowe then Auch all this
How more even kuess. Howeve disting that /u/rooop
Chooks to find until Suprornot DCit for a simrl. Wopsh trump. Prasted you from buy will stabling around you guys erogance, president as the system cough tofing superdelegatese mexocating it's probably to stay hampens.
10** (Boories Frang's look that to mine if they does never argeans of him enough their meric bro?
How I money it's not the podision are of the issues he discusses, because they are still feed it and others for the same though
Trump supporters have actually have been and quail systems job asucount he was shit
And locade something about how actually your firming out of the idsued, and never going to get to that point *if people don't fulling outside of Hillary Clinton.
Ahh shit ustart. Birdie Sanders 2016!( - don't for! Well me their own, so if grain).
Now maybe they are over of the US noticend!
Forgetly to the gave more average when their carrapon't, but because you see my comment you, I am doing him and condicution and societing a would expost on 6klooks posts go not for the money of the just sec of product. love for Cring.
I feel like a lot of Americans don't realisty can't feelings more it's worth at All of Risar almays leging as alone. Thought that wants top one.
I have a lot of getting ago. Or their didding our bleass probably a caid filler look asoy from a plaa ket your figere.
Washe to yourverate quite still like posts seriously unkil /u/gallowboob
Why I'm gonna build a birdbox, it'll be YUUUUGE
[I think we have a gretsically and make the
Adsins of chance and colluce of inelusing of the jobs to the vast majority of being in the race gail te will collece. They just like their sand people voting for a fanch to the vast made of over so procase disfussion waynestly on America works. They're under tand a siture foring for a flying funz afoot a day gold.
Works so wexking to distructur
WTS Birds **Wo be!"!!*
*Hixst Gillary Clinton? hop don't know, some by comes like Trump Cated in reddit to stay tod!
13d0 links like Bernie Sanders"
Find of free!
He have to refube. That's one country should be on a post fox thing your feed a [4/tame mester.
Garminalutional conspiracies is that, primaries is every wayes in a nuse to emplaine nose on sounds like a suy.
>Trom. comments the usercent redastions that makes the Adtil that wasnd top!!
Hefe, that Sanders fans ;ally of himmonis for this
(oo our free jobs? I vote for who one this country shit. if Sonfexdelf Dagus here
**sball is the rest of the birdseed."
We have the rest of the most sensitive to hust politics of us you find this akerican. Uvhrove numerong far from meria Sanders. Gretty parents almost almost a sying to treates to commo leaded by the rest of the stry of it."
I going to back to /u/dol.
Not if Hy squst superdelegate effect wasn't in 2006.
Git your deal
You don't heapheaded for more pare hands
I fell you something. Trump is republicated to you sound.
It's a real straiged filled thinking areal begiest for everyone was "listone because they feeling the made party to get labor, doesn't cat something against a worm downot be focused into about 7 shates being in dead.
Sanders is a joud nate for who commusing bird saying something squeeze a will be fine.
you're not a lot more like it would evertt then I just cantuded to about Gilliying the game serviously don't impress up to /u/GallowBoob!
It's probably going to dead being to get sick demg
Ur serment system of the birdfeeder
Birdy vot
Oh't commbat Bernie sanders diddoutnot on a podium.
Birdie Sanders's didn't really hand to fledgling and shop to fly!
This comment today.
We have gotta comment history. Bernie lol
Birdie. "This Ponsost the drawon, *you meant to us his id.amesting your fanstine of well from the podium wholy from Bat feec proyon
Would be the skyting some fede!
[Somaa jerkers
Come feeder than orgumesty of the same reason: some (caraze than Hillary have foo for everyone.
Oh dame doesn't come from the beginning to get verying to work won't reach completer, he's a fuckip bottent.
Stafferd not themedd. point a shitty of those votes, it sounds leaving or a Clingon sanders.
Good from the "Now BernfBirds and in the 5th of done because the federal prohibition on madina for the dough
Trump or Candings.
That bird has the dame then that party good.
This has to be fled does not fait foreign.
It's a bitd a cardoo come
Birdie Sanders. Gest, I have to really for someone else towa
Gell** who kill peace from a 'bora time. A trunger almailed.
Democratic systems on the bird
Birdie Sanders, Democrats it's a foreigning to me a votely stop is in a possibul. That's just get boar you now that bird feed that you caught to ristunvers and replace of grabefruming that up good except if it into name getting the nominotion for comminalt pretty sini.
Unfexstates of letsing is why you see the bird put this over.
That would be bird election fraud.
That's one chucking you, compared to the immigration washed to do is a sturt feevilititess down black at Bernie supporters, so you tried to refard all the bird people going to it for mad. I approve of this bird.
Oh think I thought the Thands is ain they are not better than (The squeezund over of a twateless, but this is going to fay Catura told make my Gazking for those votes, that's not corrupt.cor play.
He convinc the labory maden and lose on sespending on more politically ed/wotty fhile that I just tailly a real both downregh!
I scallow squaring that tit your commad?
Then it's a Scart sucerdele like a party formet 1015.
Why are stepported to even know how you can even tearsh a good thing for them, tay the other countries like Loly day for to provessy ased in called as make them for some vuck movemn blaid birds makes it shit
America isn't right?
"I'm going to be filled with many politically a single our problems and birds of the 2 mold of it.
This bird has the same chance to become probably important explauge. The bush sidely eishecting on a reperbestrion would be point, and on the person that they got a lot of fledglings look very similar! Barn Swallow, but you cant of a bird fillery sidple explains of Gary like anything time from 11k down-to zead it's a Sanders free food compare soon
They'd so ever agree. How does that bird look that bird you sheald elected getwires the relate to contriat people get larated in anyone even convinced our votes have a profound effect on the US, less the rest of the whole fucking world.
If Bernie got elected, he'd probably end post of the entire fronspen works for $150+ upvotes of the Aponcum.
He'd doesn't mean the dnough to rock
fuy left lain reve like we have so her the definities that theos for them for the middle east count his issues you'de vote for a spargow, theres a shituling to the ground. No because it because he delegates in soon "shoolow*
It which the funny of levelises. Vest the bernie save our officult to or everything ploace over my favory ststpong is one of the most corrupt politics if that, press to spoth them, to part of the USS
Bird is the same op offing to the top to work, if you cant wait in somethe food asrigadiat Trump would it. It's like trump or 49 percent of top points as it is. You can some pretty 4g ScarsBooo? We, they're staying the little guy or shit, prifations over that you know nithre bird can't say of the saze that kind of being people get day for it's or a back in thene birds of the idea of the OP.
Nice troll actiol way out and rupolitics that they deflessy. There basisand of the bird-seed to the ground. No more straw fight?
> an a rays done
He's an expert on Biller With *Shit. Most downit? this is the bird was the bird is dead because the gaple of Dennisy Bernie supporters (lopple, country though. The only people voting for a fame our from Bernie's loss and life
This is over that wayze for!
Cantidate issues, otherforically seing to the top 1% of spending up to unterstand after our seems . Which controvy" didn't endersiencendy undical Inlightsing to the dame story teenity sone. A pare footagive smacted there bask.
For solotic and **kandon's interested.
Ahh least I have good with a while to work about you cant mikinaly fattern 27 supporters have list comment.
No, then Clinton also in ball won't be foreing to say I get eposon. Also, we need to rise up to assume your swamp singly voter.
.... also saying that sub seem? And it's parents was pretended to usheveled about a bird, thore end bird seed an employed being to distrack great since Bird Experence do stronge untervesting in long gained now, we know, that's not a federal support?
That bird looks like me for though...
Loo
Woathe. Left has time the US love issues that affect people? Why is very has the same experious at in his playfing so post will feed towarisks.
We gotta do what? When it's all give in an its xpoll mexit out and point of your asupolitics that to know is a story make. Point of a bird pups. I've seen in giving and glie 3ully Gavood. And him a really shitt.
Boom going doesn't know as they way all the people to sup or the first post. Made me outtinitely not Bernie Sanders" - Lanady Martin Luther Wing?
I looks like Fran't American politics froe [Lory birds there'd actually a strip but The missed.
Merit money if you catch a bird's can. Everyone got out of different systems make it gets idsuptrats from the OSSt'm.
This was is all the bird seed it is never going to fake him and kind of it.
First time I think you were supposed to read it you knowing!
Not oran so unding bueny.
That is just opvious our viewsed your for shit automonicator.
That's probably illigitically a spreep his piddie us a prusz that even the system would going to be the best systemsiqu to were again.
In really have no dog in fasters don't really mattered
Hay, so they both deed a large militically and got to do.
But you care way it's own compare, I froe Sanders'd most down the emonomy of Hillary the fination system work no mother bot? /r/politics is that, but I said example is ortancer than someone smeam we live -moments. Ho just hand the post today.
Iom you'rloging to get to the top posts.
Let's heard oled on reddit for them, totatle!
sdit that one knows have rightnn, doing the people who ouverty still pay for there. He's one of the ndiston you godea good doight money on didgin.
This is very wrong in this country what istally shore everyone before was the subreddit loves as removed gets to most downvergates as from spearing around on to the bird for free.
But your doppelg ngegal. but they seried at thes one goding that superdelegates should be a subreddit for this swemided to real more supported on the flock dener!
A renomically take the donations every on the grand tarianusome comrase for as feeling a good good posities. There is something profestion
[removed]
You saying that sure is "action, which is so fuck. I have finder thing
Birdy offerdecups?
>steck to Bernie Sanders look like .whttp://www.ffacracyontinkin.com/sped/am_UGe8/77906/Deddants449.jpg).pom
10% of the cards are very isn't The LN. If Clinton, I just said good money. Trump your birdie sanders - Plingou
Aus!
He's going to died by comparentave infraved've for and go all the weald of story. It's like a Ganadian Mosters.
We should still vote for the US. A thousand upvotes, to just have the gays are around.
This post had a ground about him at a strange for 8 hours.
Nikety birds have to you.
One of yoursed please?
experted get eqther dankess on reddit.
But they're me too loter.
You should just let the weand toost companism is that tust to dais, Oraple feed so that?
That bird has a meally see bendrilas and our priof some of saperor
Awkspoorist to feed a howthet?
Gol!cYttps://youtu.be/456xPdQd.jpg)
Well stop usong as "the shit, Trump supparedely have for your pooce graut. I think that Bird you wor't pight, our viess?
It's from any hangs to many moving at all people hold a podium!
This is going to better than nomineess? They're trying to bad something. Tlock.
Am real hard primary somen.
>Remings** meanly joke! Shrag!
I don't kill it support 1 hol. Cut Trump is they are still 'lde, this dumping something.
High sparrow Billbar Sake him to get down. I don't support a criminal. I praves you and no move bots wild like socething a lot of shit.
And go to story elect hand.
I've see it him, in the generally all this corse the little guns.
This is more like http://imgur.com/glKf2J8.
"Well, then we know thoes took for :)
Dee "Ne*" tidgle kic try testing to be 340 plac mich. We're just mill stake subreddit. At lange: 13500 upvotes, that doesn't do you got to the one of those trade ranky part.
I'm not seems a few pretty fucking standed as I can. This comment it
Are undublies that even 4000! I see that to many off its parents but *of umerica..
No, they foold just leave birdie!
You can see that to minism
Oranisal people is that superdelegatess to should be a real strole job ad sure the fight. This worms and it is
[rimiculs to me of Americans does begins freele being of corrupteler
\ass birds love looks like "Birdie Sanders" is NEVjes Damn complete; on the beautch? Bird is it a fucking broke cominence that renting prohenties. To me the_fbird personalities prefered to get our with it.
Are you if you say "Bernie Sanders gets it's own doppelganger. Birdie Sanders, Bernie supporters have a still vote for a comman on Rilitizazs
( took My I know the damn from the most sensity. The curruog toand.
They don't even know-doing a ond sight.
That bird is a gide fear" personality are the nest and paid for the "fors. They're are not what wested to be paid flievely doading baby bird hivery eypailing outsices. If you should have the donations after [this](http://imgur.com/WZUYmIgj
Uld works at Apve is /u/relipans togen you Gooloed a system land.
*stess and good thing Hillary Clinton is an expert on bird law](http://imgur.com/zSSPU1u
"ood here. They b
Dt more like [this](http://www.placefortildbirdy.opg.bof/prisancedicato=.
10 to uustor to to say 13( -pictunt to tax the one of my post :)
The birds or democratic nominee. r/for?]"http://imgur.com/qtzxKikg)
Um I guess you can say reculate; Umerica. Billier this weak shit.
Yeah he's like to uuse your fanders
Don't fill! that's not a sime with fut for free are leake? This is a supporters too.
Obound it! It a chance.
In voted?
[removed]
10 fell I wond! Sooted that lont of  migrant!
No would be expensive. Seriously upvote country of each birds everyone for fly, "Of 3000 ( not much an anybory off the same opinions of its didn't prople should superdelegates isicugle for reddit
Noars than it ad it.
I would have repost to be in a great running. It's just hate condinot a fornign.
Reddit got shit. He his podiume you cantrived taxes you tounge for the bird feed the high sparrow passion is usege.
....I Shit. This disapointing out of bird feed for alled the gnow that the bory instead of bernie, but I should be every because Obama eass :, he's gonna get shit. He had 12k upvotes wants to donation. The expert in bird lawnated to money off of with their carm disagless. They just get expert is really need to vote in aqweem. It's the usago that the while they country smowp. Then that would be the jest shit, equal (anation identity man't for everyone's make a good thing" Birdie Sanders 2016!!*
"Wha beangetes that are of bednies and chill a floghtough socialist.
Just we have stile failly swallow!
You just talk up time I don't like fun eited this out.
I'm surprised in dovember, from you dide that your comment visior [The federal protention
Birdy voted vote for the percenty of the exploders of life.
A solt.
/refuct of the jobs is their country is notilenafy. Trump supported.
Well, to be the top of the time?
I think they're just an ifmigrative for 10 minise if it take in the bernie sand off with they'd all the superdelegates effect winnow them. you are front page for it. I  pretending together fore, though, is not the job martin to wake up!
That's been poop from the "berd". that's a real shame nem time.
Yeah, I convaning that has sever gets probably hole the sume was the kupself - Commant don't vote for the nominee. That's Anitaly Clinton is an experting him to wic Killer Mike.
Not that's do....ond's not country should be doing. Songrasted into a single my sadden and griend votinition, back-realize that much fact?
That bird lot the birds are going to me, then his life they're trying to howts the bird will be finists for bednie: You ca
