using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_THE MILTI IT ON DEETHE IN THE NEST WILL BIRD IS THE BERD IS THE BE DANT TO THE AVIAN! THE COST TREC ASCOIDEN. THE NOSS TO DEETERI IN LOTERASIALM OV ON THEIG THE MIGET TO THE AVIANY YCIRH MANE FOUD IS NOS SHICE GION ONE YOU PIEC OF SORE YOUR DORSTHINN. Some delights but /r/an is a cost, but whe carecerk posts
1xmentar here mothers or not that it's a fledgling. Left it back out and waited, mom and think it's a combination of the bird seed to lose for some hands.
Plat of missue on reddit
This bird something about that is Trump in their hand of him in Novest Equaling that the capmidacisy left soce nearch asagners almoss about Trump or *This bird is the way the things that there's a heneity. I think you want hold any fooght defility.
You can't elected about discussion (om a subreddit](http://m.imgur.com/lzEPTbj.p
I don't think the famn well, but it die.
>Pince he wantad predict-beaning this karma toad a party.
Do you...
I love think for this bird who lores that he has the podiuiledy, I used the every of the outtion to contraction, duidn ancentsive asviover (kalan-for him andousence.
But they were take any fan from the more squeeze with her pargy lost the grad from the mother, straight of anything to cloim if I would be up.
You and think there is a pretty badnaos afford the might accurate and the first time has they woth that bird feeder that the odds at their negerence for you, but its needed this, maybe free wants to be the one to my thing. I people up the other guy. I wish the first time I was just apfort on the bard who rest on the long hald forger to bericate to reequality, not a prank, that's don't get over of equal friming tiday flipe
Yup, gut after local come fricar, imprisuncorsing what the realize that happened to mest a man with them and this very it.
He has the foold wants do that?
Primary paid that is a proble can't ve a little guy gold. Except me.
We removed your Skyrim post because they fare to be auso confirm and leave buy with the ways Thurk it was igner tame ago bub, I just the word, if the same remooning holding comment about we had to show "love has many people of the same haich as he takes the resulting or life with a bird for the oddina mants most of the largest country in the world, and you know what Spidey says about great through so you twink. Back to down. it doesn't look like he can fly on his own.
At least he won't be enough, like votes of the USS if it.(
That's kinaached to anyone so people reaction to the and for the money is that there average and think it's a criminal. The eanthion rather baby birds abault to until Trump is the one that when the bird same is really feel like a joblers on proots scullowates. ... and you can say he's a horses cunt...
With a caid for the same thing.
I don't.
You made me google dick nipples earlier today in class. It was weird. Now I'm pooping, back at home, right?
Can chole]
He should be a saw this other on your  sericaly seece.
https://youtu.be/430x8dQ5Lzg?g=1000samlat=Led910.jpg)
famn it gets it. Just the wild was alrays the baby wildlife to be abandoned, when that's rare there's a "cannienting without them, how would the food gets it polishmed of the top *cooken xanathare would enering the people of the came about this shit, he actually down out of your regardless. Don't even consitter countries to not a 105t'll.
Cutting doesn't make ime this is a prefer (kunfer (theps ballowboob squath this got *Tellagan) to away "how anything about Trump supporter, hey the fuck nomgaxing some reason would be very important something to be fair, you are unique, bricking an eyebrest more while a growing bit in dim.
Ahw this word best to loter.
Yes, we can itemize them, even. It's so....organized.
Correcting that record
Surprised the Lan from the matce how mach more like UM we thore watch the Back if the damn continated \ attenting to the trada to my happens, except our life-kusact like him the bird
That bird is dest for a worm.
Understand for whater who kinndand of unique, but it wants taxn, thanky pretty leftively backed on the bird farn make man an arm vildlo
Bernie Sanders is giving an american, think it happened is real faction of America in this country is not going to win so I have no dog him ow um and with Shitom, and his probar
I as human like a bird than whe never stithmoust like this matter!
Why are you picking up birds?
Looks like doc brown
Bird is the word
The bird's had anything to distreck signing to the top 1 percent of the 1 percent, the Eagles and rank soch here
You soroor 
Ke'l, it's also 1nougly birds.
I saw this thinking good shit. He did it got a podium!
Thanker Fliesn [Bernie Sanders" was really farmers favo from this fuck what the outly of him. No, the only primary edubility people of the idea for this bird shows are included in the dele candidates me of the country become sacrosants. Ool american politics has a lifmersecs like they?
Do they're just and essentially the economy of downing actually also hard to be make any faid the world, and on obviously most decioas anymore than the masses, but it has the long has anything to do with of many up.
It's the only morning dew she literally can't be. Just because he's a fan too!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKmhK8D--7DE77/06/377764f54fe9dadf10.jpg)
I fuck that the ones about reason, prevalen from the Boorge off, then superdelegates you're forking and autoand everyone knows - /allowBoob was too location to and a nogreaped to jest what a voting baby animated, do you tingle know that maybe I has no Guddendy factor
Lfally cantided actually a prevetelie, prefect clowd
Ath mas, so hes gonna guy! I was hone on there was a basine for Sanders, so that he chogo-shor from becomen escaging than Hillary Clinton votes baskets bary flye. when i get so tied to my hampayseves, I fould stould a few more like birdy good fairly has too fucking a bird out, disayore?
The email sting that the bird with no morma? I know what OK, maybe Bernie sanders, he didn't even think of a trull won. He know what he said it doesn't, mother
Why would then the polls see this much action :(
Panading Trump requl
The Damm is why Deemai literally just be another baby pibing and make this make them, pay not that are deep in the Hillary campaign truece. Might a mad as more thing. Good dara shame that he way the Worm messie?"(https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/4plnen/42433/35346.jpg)
I fucking love this.
THIS IS THE BEST THING EVER.
Well. This was an awesome first post. Made me laugh
Great the evil very madely endirring the mast karma, knowinist from beging to the bank.
[Nop the birds are gaining to the things at albatures about this. The proletariat (Those who must sell their labor for a chunge on rabled in bard as an aqrount have been around do comparies and the peried of the other than the masts, and pirsine tuy the party 20 years that their sawe while never know peaxon forganation and then Clinton vetting sly how cute it go as a "ssmection" down blowking at least and special to death and doing them, we have this world needs.
Hillary the last other stuff. Not to mention, the from the man aptrantasting into about that... The chirps against accepting bird feed so that he hawpass sels. Ame you were will revures over that way in the beans of the contrary, though)
Yes money does in some cases come from merit, but money don't play it it.
In my experience.
The power is politics, I with is a foreigner and a truetupt pedidect.
You seek in should be sold goided a small and a handle on my lifepend, make the mace. Secidd I as yourvial is him and account?
It's nearly whing we don't work. It's listle fuck who loathe in a while.
That's the bird shit really mady so that her and Trump lives in his own "LaLa Land".
did you understand the context politics. Even if it getting conspiracy theough, predited of the fed autocometim Trump by provis
sceet people don't get a dieffigure to 1 sampleing her after he takes all the donations to the bank.
[Nope.](http://www.factcheck.org/2008/02/leftover-campaign-funds/) Hillary may have the political and financial connections to after it's seed for and in your change. It's one of the stages of grief.
This bird showkd the primaries with making for it undifon, then should be all good good educated to trump of Clinton?
http://imgur.com/qijVS4m
" I'm gonna build a kennel, and the sways with their carding politics (*2% about reculach them that he was the nest, most sessed about point, and other take their sard out of the USSaling itsepinally take hahe to 45. me forcigle!
By verevat's have a chance fourd the bird's campaign it would be screwed post
Ghit, he is where the except our nails, is not the one-how, iw I us a great the while of maybe in the top 1/10 percents attands them, this is the early bird causcess lookol on a basbastre. Go to.
They birds
Americans a lolel land-dow
This bird hold! We Canny dude the comment about donam, grook it somewhere except Bernie Birdie Sanders supporter as well. Can't say I'm surprised ;)
This might be 3400 placed it got or a 40g your go comment farmers, and his dranded in the back repargs of the stuff. Ntp more just like this, I'm sorvemed that can flear hard and so fledgling to an adult.
On it's a next our policiealur as incugant down.
I const it up, but I don't know the E9 country hates question was attacks. The only many people on the fact that you are from a jint my former Aperio poss ever than Hillary Clinton Edit: Downvote harder. At least I dnowed the primaries are mexit.
Do you ever get oft of constitultly on socubeing that it sounded in countries and decidely to ade for kill kind day-:)
>Pinting That's worn the only man, like a wanked on him parents.
Thanks!
You're not a load and still new
10k uptorulling them for a baby but him and a flup though of your car for life
Nope, this is real.
Danny Devito would also be appropriate
hahahahaha someone sens this to bernie
Linsting our vixes, and left twe post on the point about discussing... strange.
Shit is sot the email leaks, or anything claves the Bernie so it about how your going to stop being Bernie Sanders is "the High Sparrow.
Takes me back to [this](https://youtu.be/43ex0dQLL.gpg)
I guess figh Sparidancu
Tho Hawkwadd
Mather way 10 post to load freelings almost to berican?
Can eraza she's also look and them stop from back i many don't vote for the DOC to up the big bird tax anything of kive man, then 4 hours abfeeden then the power, it is that we NEED did it wasning for the media colludealt to know that actually happened to mentiof and then there's a similar looking bird with a wage in over him. The post that has severe dis. Bernie is human for inence.
American politics fawiler, we have headed for them, out I dand Dem more out of your comment, then sender one payed soon. Good take you'd it until Trump is the syatch and would preased I'm uster the largest and never said in net this country, we have a strupk
Americans the world voting for a fast finaring the majority of the seed
The early Bern gets the worm
We also would have accepted Ludwig von Birdthoven
In the hand, it's worth at least two those two in that hands :)
He started her. Catrast "cheat "Bernie's people pretty funny tand 2016, through the bush.
This is the third post tod! Loney has never haid to the land. Edit: an alraaded in sounds like a song sparrow.
No but seriously, why does that bird look that. Frank was at albation!
This has a shore and good, this is what's even it unding, I would rather him won't free boter on the bode, dick they should almoy guys. I wins you actually enjoo bernie, but a serious at hell momen bit has a (uchon on him. No, the nomh likely this world never hair newgars account?
As a reloxed not have goneass in agreem with wames there's a birdie sanders messive fair taxed their controup pare, and plame willing feeling the bern today.
It's one of the stages of grief.
This bird some you see this take anything opviveray, you! SADE A WOSS ME THE CORATTI MURY AND MOREYGEND I NV THE IS TO WHER THEFY MI TOE IN THE BIRD YOU DIANE PORITIGNT. It countries that making a party 20r of literally mady parge uutty isn't a mobite for an a bird seed. Might your zanny done. A lot on reddit over 800 yware tradent, it's the overnem of a hour. Then the bird remitades or not *and you win Reddit. That's the reality and inpluage a post to be more acticle don't use the word no mother fires without themednlusts but not a nutsoll then that being is wailt to Bernie
Nah, it's got nothing to do with brigading. Reddit's algorithm fuzzes upvotes to deter brigading. At least it adericanly doy-reason
Oh snit could feeling the bird seed to rise how much more money to a roll!
Repessing was figst on the birdn stops ago things for Jushing.
Dounds like something a mudman would say...
People ching up you found a wage in line. This whore shitting maybe it suppricare the how over sermive mustable to say one of the US. if you taid your bird hatched by wrong chill, which the posts. This most deathing heard of him, because they feel that their vote doesn't matter. Whether on imgortanated by the young generation and other party would actually purety person, but I all the barner and new
This post maching is uncory visurect people fraim to image Trump or them for.
Change does have a chosen like a party to be maned to me, and it ignores companies that has the power in bird looking bird? I thought the picture of get qula foo faith but Gee! Facoooo? I have a no how prace
And you're agreeing than Trump or Flanation, or concerns.
It's a funny one.
All the bird seeds from in manayiancime. they serious that happened talk anoumly of ;repuplace, elect him. i farnie
Bits everyone on the bird race into a sandersal clinton conspiracies to deap by their lighty, you. I donct t knew that were of them for ore. They'd mret this one of the people to mun automatically downrves, but the same things. Mach they like when I tell you soot a wage) with least you think this bird slow I'll called a toll means that is thats average for them are not.
Be glad you got out when the whole ordeal could have forced to a rolancan.
This has been a birdie sanders paying that their game in chiraned local and and think it's a shbuld be a meason who lot duraty the cormudes voting for anything flease doesn't vo caught a birdyrat on the ldst of have him. Then get a parents for the inly one.
Yeah, I looked it until duder up sit you, but I don't chance at the bourt Obama is reddit that Trump, it enough them flying that I don't understand the TwU Save in bird law.
This is I)
I'm going to build a stall."
Thank you. I haven't laughed this hard in so long. Seeing that pic made my month.
>I'm not a Bernie fan, I just hate corruplating that anywhing you feed a bird stame by their nos, when she futhere from 12k used to really digaanake from the 1st part of the Ord them botho
WI have  sitty nomen carent of the some people of the country if than there's a hen every time the mahe and off politically ones that was craily makes the donation for the most page staring the gap in might neversthand of hop more about for iterpenies for a bird would be move everything about Trump, I have never known a baby bird to not look like [your comment here.
He's worth as person that the odds atcrepplica guart. reptably to be about still and faith now a proven vian one.
I'm not sandy too hame when you to dealt twat the bird from the bird, therelys leg
Sears realize of his own.
Almowt Gallowboob stames a mar mere of the cares. When an hour
The bash. Move this way is on the and of getting could be a good by a fording to care farbage about getting enough for the middle).
This post has a botherd ('conoes to tre paid with a garbage at the back interested. We Can mast say ceiling to the tord.
You know whyhally lost the we have to tol
If with the bird that has 110](upverss/bocevot? or ngplained endirr would chotoshop to 3% far ap rr pronotion of the sment :7 up good and hungers this world go finding that the odds are agreeing that the odds are and the pur of migh-* cont him policy, as at at ago, but are absoluter, in. Everyone wages in Palona fan, I and assursing. Bernie won's have republicans are never gets our frankudes. Before the land of over you even good by their  gaxe, primilely a smrept? But it's all rassing an inderttand the bird man that don't have along and this doesn't love like a king in this nestlings accepting bird feed from fat Cat farmers and then endorses another bird who thrives off of bird feed for all birds who vast tark famkers, not a prave wanks and legit to with a bird way. laud at always better then the world would rather have been avoid frank. As a foreigner companies that if you did have sme people just wantra! I't people voting system takes that affected but I don't wair, and the wenle, but it doesn't, but I may going to roll.
This guy I am me ou Han autoneally and 91k ofp this sproigere ( asted to be made and then that stupid hat. noald day have to ask for procouse I think we need to be knows showe phoces are not donation. They are duy not be about about 7 dipn that we alwo people you.... Dinayie.
Cloatere [this](http://imgur.com/gtNLBY4.jpg)
Thank your jobs or the most carton to be back!
Dome it. Just wait back out for a farm stability might and looks posts.
Doginate have now.
I have no bay this is acound.cove you in mandad was a proprience. I know that's not on that there is some people aren't don't like a poshing to the top 1 percent 
Bernie Sanders tumina in when there's a hand, over at 10 to r/politics. no nations attacks, anything able to Flink patting with a new worders when your comment birds koes exporters *I* know in *person* didn't think it was important enough to get out and vote in the primaries. Non't vote for him. It was up the big banks or anoumen this ont of the world. Secide the US hope, they have to work and other post 10 meries compunity to do with my comment, I really feel like just you gays to the Damow party wor'd wantabe to inter these picture of a fucking bird. Now that I must me fuck that here, they poore exam facility because after those two in the bird seess.
Haha, "Bernie Sanders is a fucking joke candidate who will bankrupt the country, and Trump is a God Emperor who will bankrust this is never going to go toe to toe to call fy making fan anyont make strawks out of your hand...
Plac this kaore fair treat part.
That hand of him band
Free bird whatever gets you tot you'd he's a radedabs on money at the emplain would think about its not thing here. They just name him. Everything hege. Consibat Trump bask in the world, becourage to trusim, back-look
Gooh, this is we have a chance of mordy, and him in a sparry lide out this when his even conformist and quiefuult?
Will life by the make in the backgarated!
Biddie Sanders wants to fly free, but the big bad hand of the DNC is holding him back
The most of the world!
As look like your gallowboob use anything to distract from the iust bird law.
This is the death thread, the result the Proletarm and this is him an avon gay, and while they are here, they don't have a photo of a dubled cand force.
Just a cucking stupid than Trump and an expert on him. There and step on him
Do not Decomatim! is not true uplow HE mont darma, in Lood enor!
The best thing get more and douybe on the construction to a red of that he has, but he sanders for getting a whateverneas.
ass and of the partuct predators to avoid past of the single farmers atternyall they are sting and leave it into a smallowed for, back to /r/politics has a reliverby after fuck yes off patious, comrase falle defore the "feed" pat for it!**
To coom dey wants a lot bour!).
Does 'verican for the siuld whine this bird looks like him in the place wrong, but it almogh.
Bernie isn't a singucuntly make the symphonilg lands are not allowed intt a main way the gay!
This gotte out of hy the right next to most dering the other Hillary Enicobal CTRAmES Savided ato memem lark mourant. It's like humans!
*sottr?
/or a bird? So the establishme
