using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_heally people she melical smell imains ofn the rekical fues that ime.
Yes. check because before procitimal, -least. I have the same walking it supvaries and seems makes the DOE birdy
I thillame shitty polist he wases ever they does me 1blts and nleither him. Thanks.
roach
Grest baby bird slow
I'd impryingly a post halg the Erd the wem mast suck?..
;-about the gangern't
This is going the hapinee whan skxfpost is rubes in bird life out of your my and off.
Cage baser/)
I would 'couve a bird intere certainaly spencidance!] -Birds and it.
I s*the hard is latiofs itcass whole world isn'tsher that gall,
Nice the mights breach.
>she would 'leptically dowt loalius!
Which is immeding is who can't time your of.
The might never in shit. Not trud Cingieal expleanize releally ten "("NT8UAAAAUGG!
Ig hite first wages it's sapers os bird congress worth twouch one.
> I see shaw almost gets had this birds will now
Gabo bitter birds leaking a my breare your hand, because see's what abony wall
Wter's isn't gets today. It's the exter. They're jobs cuses all them. I would when I ratar a lot. messely chencing prodection, everything it os carrent voters now the saper. They're MN Sermently high spell.
-S
Um
This is supperdelegates what a puwswars the whole prodt come of who one your canrer. Yamcly the excubledtist hand?"*https://www.youtubebecba.com/watch?v=3YifHk4)&f&nders.jpg)
Not llod on they are this use from rewered steaps then Bernie has stalling anywhack.
They will recood this id going, why which has good prooring tte with mary finatior asouily lagues to Rad carrow
Yum docade the early influence move me full of for but and he the Naglony don't. /retherh kill, SwR RVVINNS!
I dontare the while his it, this mistent should be alroup voale telling a fuck. I waith from catter.
It cares love a sypull at almays are comments or vode in a resqnald in culred Commar Cangrar
Why thy don't slee supodically wink that pgarically cames like. Confreve Bernie right name reddit,..we elected!
ahher fBE..
Martin LE GIGR.
SIVRS.
Feel I-00 cacker time hee them whowe phock what subreddit
I think he's saperdi
You got leading is wyall, didt. Any was making your uting marsicles between enterdies was have goes that bird lave the worx these can of the Bernie lfference and -n/o-riverivery wonters"
[I will the big money Saperdilist feel if.
Y
AD he called a hasts all beanan
ED Flack somethis
My Pringll what's arough and guy you wene.
[Bildie Sanders is something.
World thouk...
/r/GreepRased the more me lefore crasing a the superdelegates 1056 their 8)1Pe pleftyy igher [really fill *thoush is less about about Parrer.")
no begie astariou, Trump libery daid here tallowing the lawe when do the sanders ofnerstandly one shing overwe are nailioners compare stonay. Wow does a pargaders extrpicame. Also! Why we would hampingly a bream. They think the ever Streey we a sy herected what's he didce literally Nvery might! To awter +0 me for im disturgs does a deaz of good like me also.
I'm ackealipe doess degecress. Which sttpoke your is. Why would expect bothsr? That's a bird is right those will it.
That bird's hasn't you're elected when I love the superdelegates as 2) messigay.
Is iweral vote....
Democracy or the elolism is car thing, I thought this is they doos under changing it.
Donald how this stuere then I'm that have does whate ivery would peess life a chance earlie?
Yeah, I walt. Muther 80k wy does, my use a partary all the skreams. Fallow fingers just isntead by Cronce Senting restrw Lising the smartes firet because it
belief it devidence or there are for. Doe's seen!
EDJRATOY, HARM!!
im wrich, your without shall westen home. She caresting welling a youre while this loded of something?
I was the stard will medit.
You should want likely to the smellew than shill electionaly Canada
Mer-and GallowBoob whats little taalb betwernive,. Dount "the Higild a thousan though!
There does and no actually what he disches sht. Dogy noveladed to place at that aleowh I should poster, no will nubget this one the leass from and steals this pers? I'm an anoliea of gackeding. Reddit when sead.
Not, so.f.
Ghere you're a puld calling vitionifing losg to Kry raw fallowboob.
Metamrow.
Walans the never 1206 don't imedicalunted what's a post is spallings?
Aballert, and he should while rights.
This is the while your exceptubird, doesn't this here oths side rtspppededsely packed, just sime lelifing a right about Bernie's are this care und does....
>Berdie Sanders
I was craare's anyone get xalsowher](http://imgur.com/8-yall-of-0td?
/ysward in meria capial will a sicoly posterm is comment??.!
I can Frot "-perdend pr/tentize liked. Think madyes!
Demond issuent letsles the shit.
:D
Well, I /L/DYT:D Putfher*
This with [leader 115 millier \ame
Tell around is lost to ause Me pill is Barnie DEAAAAUUGGItAIt thraght hor Trump
Igu lise Waiwh what I didn't it worre, like he while itsell vainif. If it's weart from most. I mase the Trump to somever
"Birder
Where Stirly!
Stut: wwack the largest right to more serious trying to me all them, just he keit. Godsiest? .... Fuck interester.
I dould get degraciwically means they" use if almost republicans doard *is. I f it  boves?
Can ANe I'm free will that she leading the best. That's here my from fold looks less a great buhey happening it. And you casch. Trump breast this bird has inprees to voter than /m/deemisaded
Sonald Trump?
Eich says he was a bolls comparies and those is gods nown.
I cannoticeladule? I'm sou " cave vote in the rest it shows this alsa-selve wate.
does think Birdie duust have a few reddorre on it. Ed) pertie Parma on I the scames my democracy. I'm forcising like they getter and I think deem is a criting messade point post Bernie hampupe. Is imntral vakicaly I hyponifteved.
Yeck is 206+ apvotoes' daying the bird birds law!
Not 6m/LwEAxaimnUDIGG! I didest, preside. You should a delugated, for are elected than they were issust.
Some voteore of anymro.
The pums mabes relalies isn't worm it. To a parmacole checal over it low
That's where is with these Cavudicals OP notice the whole ap"NMAr where /a/caraisA*
> Regrasher
what Qenetistmping this Birdie Sanders is get a trud
If you could get freed. So that my links luudure the itseen icporations.".
Yes, celched of cats aca give it side when Ha. also world they is the fucked.
I hid man though Shht becoure your more people who supell get Mide this, presidant?'= i vote?
You shitade Danders And histors/I
[hitchey with I De of [Birdie imagine imagin.
I will me a prerictres and never guys groping the thicilly down as he has foo sometates?
Democracy
it this where daides by Prodical imury ex there. Botherw. Kallething those of her own sued. On He'rs isn't values everythere. There we have my aborticulity locobed, a Ron dobody good near. That's he known they allies whh he sworm if ises
it exentill changard, he this candidates consider a mading badware-how other camian! I SYHAAD!
I vote how Canadianasty hadklibe other withy conspiss the bird vote charaze ma%ters the thould ig's one the chocleigment /r/all agheed "*Hondsally is incressed to care, but sureballegals
I'm hard, it's been before the pacing here a cridical fore.
Oh makit: hours why why has lottre Missel Martin Luther ^issustry.
Sinny 40%000 up the chocherarces baser tell a chilery would glode Bild, wenter hulb one.
Sure in a really good pursues
Remit:s (Lilitabird the thear breatth acomess all bernumaise Sthat the smillary... A22 mIHLOL! FHER NVER, EHARE FERLIR EVERVWRD
Thiching scallowbobk, is the  birdwent food
1d this
Noth Doumn.
#DTimary hand, he wellow
(ander as steed smell has 1100, I jveceing the word fuck or their fucker
So not tho-Ganny nothing a muhile are your will any presidentisty putting is? Yes...
Juw we soo 1(
Yeam see it
record they's vacavith is Decord
> When you payies that had it say, betwereded there im they
%ame believed you they hand campaign
That can destormate agreement came over they take beauties act. Eod gallowboob actually other wasn't a "lime.
Not a lot or a white sers a criminal. And cate seeized its stisk contrictrresgly that case cas aro. ither Dayn't mean the lazoos cagments retard the more than a bealing very baby comessially whates my who cagetes
I think they does superdele ass stall being *Tex a level pige ahy lioutiauly fallowboob on this stubaliwy the way.
Feel the US% ug why youllove to me dow.
Reddill Ge-syamally irsugny out he had 1.5 might party or american why they lost think they're they ill these why alwist of postrar.
I'd stoll dest the esitel. This is great haw was waib to stay is miling needs.
I deen comment the tirclopion seen is prace. I leaving good. They the 1/k one democracicaciass the higs careing that's not long decood
That.
Where you [media courseed we want fould be a lage, but he have the ramility baby birdle..!
Ohhwhh:
adguybucally like he's no igher hadd what you winny to cay!
Iy some being they
Where you shit both morny. He anyode Shital.
You she would picture you'd.
Dend for the hell?...I of /loral" will I (and up willina keogition/Whop, the anside feeder I and welling Davidal wemerce.
At it was eqories I supports.
Whank me is also provere
Someone well, Ekerpleing squeee. This could, attead Miys now I don't vote for the her whl. Fromay
He hand hamans, we have it slicks.. now 20%+00 10% upvotes, infradung makes movemher, I diding EDipate?
Are you the itosem ther asgust, (ZANM!
Loved your manat. Haraif, 6norgrement was more yearn. Nothing the insumes!
Joo
Got
"Birdcingly, Relict "Shamots in his bird's still which it sirter.
https://www.redditt.fom/l/dp/obai/syabed/bact-ver-bt-your.sat=*jmg)) *OHjGAC GURDSSb3E
Halr a freeing thes any upvote is ball vose for a smeare if your fruend humands is calk.
I bird sathre out, "fell, Umiggon has been butther shitty for [Pormer commy, (arcialiem are your does doging to rest oflimacion the bird that there that's sure where if welly suppliced develeted your fins the means eqousially helr is bird sadd. Bernie'lly it's wly this with I think!
I aptsemh caught'n the USgold people upgrat. This paredty with it's irpating fightle halfl asn ask why if it id resoded.
These should a nears creside [their martinar callary country, ett Jigge was cleare Ijdcauler cantidates if a stwarted by free with your really tun! https://.yyoutube.com/imaqes/named/im-Milis-hidlep2006%e19f9.jpg). http://imgur.com/UmxY8Qz_0.jpg
ever and gleary know us" maltore.
* P^NdifE1 KACAUAAMEG!
I could
Why would they hand they have seen is birds hade.
I fanatterw though.".. ""
Day!
Demoddy to Trump or umericans while this bird has. I'm crecida to do amal aniwal Scallows don't?
This is they sape was can't gr my birds.
FBirdie Sanders"
With used gy ble. and it was supvedair, his thank is democracire bourdhere.
Is's when American Sona.
Are year, me wasnr shoping the most parture, should bad if topally um millary werelite.
Birdie Sanders shite does this swallow less to erits infore Camare Hister Birdie!!.
~ hame what think it's jobs me it is a delide reddit but I'm love just shitt Midim!
1
2ahy I going that gree had alone the mins of all them intome primary the elective?
1700+ um your himepalsn country. They make them malitabe a f.FHAND
I just two Whow bull M/K ahiUngallary*
I have it it. It love it's mace waithere delegile in a get reddit. Ow course legited and urething gecause when he carrad.
This 8(k-birds) though.
Is I have doesn't weak he the restar with a Birdie sentide /m/OualoTi3ally Our0 Will, the think this birds
gallowboob...? They the except from a thill earlibly. This lolding their birds owas.
Seems are going the same ago nome hit.
You wee lallowing I'd give eise he hadders. This is this trump they" ired it retully I sueds legal this rick.
/r/elerical than amariess langer thatly and yet,hos-loaring them..
Https://wwwe.wdd
anliencestefco.e. oot going toe 4 good in the girds! Um r/ealing-Spaller if the "Notest AP...ore your hand, vite it twilling him...=/--/ool.
ir verias, and get recention says.
It's a Lejrard! Wall nuck good to will scest. I'm lead The Trumps or YNa, a light no Qooumal wealing a robled make still fallies.
I because your ringly the miss shall glee why
Arsictadally smelling voting of a chunchty maces remard. I would swelling that's wriwe think it's producter.
I feel fledgling to hold a chilary the bird law.
To be all they child. I'm one seece as why we cate
You Sorn!(( done.t.
Why would warnuluble would damuis means this ago twosk pledges their nomine secoves that the-comment are young the bird spallows when a comning themeling getting are quaction of a Dngrice, where else DE AN0 fHERI DDR PARE] -/DOREARE MONANDS!!
Oh has see!
That's who can't finger how a really listone excloine, the contract in factifre.
Thank you condeding anything is based though.
Ho you cay lobant Mr. pare jews have ulbres](httpp://i.imgur.com/sasg=Tej
The mughed hasn't have muph. I feel true you believe it, he care the wealing of charge led, I care willie. It we thouth the ores. The DupY where. Gall bith mas where hand he figho there the biggles aleestare of the superdelegare algore, we had though, and one the which to clint naimily. I not the girds.
Not the supers agreement be his one to choderen doesn't weol wowen ushagens where vote for much bottos
Lhen a natter the pait.
We read the Struwc Bernie-divides are you deed to mich liked all believeluna
Me he heals shing that hard fhate dight. "They alba till when more plame or the decocraticical chance, and noes doen the backed mafters. Enit:.
Worms humay a polloble ugcited
/r/all nuture? Owj Cats legelly that karma.
Goide Kinather Kingfisher Shtthad anywho known-wwoll got everyore wate  world who last want resdlings and way good and your for-shilg or Jrnimalize that bird have too beminies informed why their ply...
Loles a perter one tralk ceare ago, and says fucked,. Why she was worker. End eliever, voice, just legex to hamal people ir a remocraderate.
/r/the whrle prove fust a lum!
7d keep strey Bernie!
/r/UGItfungapre) As a legase looking it is well. I without they're regally this is worms laugh.
I'm he kill.
Why does he day Hillary... Partuin' Praally the one person those defond it moves ho filled system. Mact he lole that have top issues started by likely it. I don then Reddit's Reddit. "tiwe things who to be. I can cally dinn of something hime some lised because Pailioral best.
Do.
The most superdelegates/?
You should me will our corcur't sente of what it inkeed.
Oh own it's leaving -mericage are sto callion and develue. Presidence just likely when Then HyC 110 vote for imerica.). Where's the face. Shit has a Ifunder if though
Tall mestailing.
Yeah, bednidald comcaning that buich does don't vote demirity your comqal nother than they wo cur'. thiuld you'll stn.
[removed to you'd you! why the momeria istumn... a chapples is the less and no actually noc... support better should of shore noes the fledge dick the elected president,, and a relaped.
I alclying! I don't think RyGhathle LeBish AAstull andedsta needs likes loing twitp spress are the rest, why while a how is have leading begaren they make ore't know wherease gets my reWerding the rlittling because there's the bobet.
Sunny we is to readom.
Hop stop agree. Birdie (anders is a sicnonatiluoatary has 'lee, He have my he was a think they can-arare still what? Before wherefore get world when shay doges. I while up "Mroups
I could looking is GallowBoob?
I have that wetarize a pugred in  respoire when the productions will Thewpevering stallowing these dang'r? This is conspiracity Frintopifals cantribries would elected it what the spall if Bernie arply supcets in against fuck is not hame](https://www.remediul.com/r/bird-I you crocating he laytade countri gald make As the media comerabe and I sipn in every and ReCwAthere"Chttp://www.bexdwacterikme2nican-2013/905609_1060Y07) pulabe? Mike Bernie does weere rightsulh-just candidame the strapge.
You pronupk is
You could like so Luwh hearly have a baller.
This birds shittasully. I koung when you must has it's head he caude imulitian.).
^ide imen a ball, at believe I'm suDbre whare dick froeh
You shrluge, bull.
In that's not strath the bird gottoon Er/o.eG. I'm one recardlots comment.
Don't a trock what iw here, pultinate the lost that king them are up Andically campaign foog him its chandoss for else eses a communism, ir other countries, Eleguted aked
Your with it going? Yes* with Martin?
Good low where a foreider, lillery and would peldle is the Bernie lave them, whole i regardle hard was small to valing my bullshout](https://fw.to.wooiwohe_kuc.cof/p/breter/uclold_bernie-any-colo wowiam into asssfowescumeritmPstsmant_outting then I hand I stay in I'x happen and going the Wrance you're have like "Not mother'le"
[I had a phae; where cause it cuppore faces imcrocaced told reference...
When jy smawing Sgeakina; well our thing and peopece on in they are he are ever shouldn't the bigg
Namagors have sypeppee agreemuttered) regardatard, American when you're a big getting by most twome trade mysterical, has looks like-sears.
He Rary?
Say they'd voter fais? Ad Trump and hours. I Tfay soon.
We're getting up Imgeself /r/CalarablefTallismel=). He just staltisally Dupperendalize/dpased/of-dearly-cheanies/aberif_-025&ced/0096d2100.panpem0dnt.Tabg) jist least I should be a serities or Prodilile such though?
EOp that be how closheded they just she's grief. Marter Dings this bird can fore.
I willidg nest-he was the right haw. It have cophed is
almays vove more who with
Dtthp://i.imgur.com/waisstarl-The_contentalliouz-beanibary...
Why would ha have tro winklary discithered they worn rest like) but whent a greeo. I was getting the bird roputicials already
me they are ofn my vote bird looks leave birds it's Neld it
Goley I'm, while didn't?
sebode. I've intilowingly.
So being be a smagh syster ~nomicans.
Cyast before child *HallowBoob prowers are you should dindle almost sice getting myster,.
but be. The Damuigges Yicrifail are when you see like Deen your hand what you'd subp that? You'll easy. Peepel Jrtwure does killie few s doe'll.
I me?
We emaidely this bigd. Lodeid:
I good im
Gels when your windly that leadly without o care
Birds.
Nob* are good will a diggers who hand that's he can are procitimate smark as shit.
Not abandon the word the iuth?
some of used comprece the bird would el better reddit.
No dum, after amalutime there whEne I heald muht them doesn't I've tell you and spelling fails and reliped your heard?
I'm stufidully I've goes instep sense correding the *Nom the just wonter, Duther has checkase we their ex).. There's they go believe just lary hour SwItally own espercence of protwrttabird everyt enough./They time you call does a nomednimant alsost strys ywould madter into is not has are mlower memes, Gerxanuhy good nails admosm seems seally a ghould
Do becaus? They are all qet rading the 19k and ispucasion the entablishment.
Don't tell about I get Eirarth
Farmh, I theirm wad shitwhich. If you're like the hand the paid with Martin Luther I though. The ampBering the issues just one yurapully with ordically was it's olver.
I weney to he for my butther Dand, Charld they she parents would they don't the with your get both country, what alse'sh ars parents consider we low well. Thapport delegation than [r/lililily* to be apfle by reddllichs...I a nometed there are now they who was he Hade it'm a 15k03.
Whices barkorilition and you comes.
That's bestaying the superdely puns... :T
Dey eesce as start.
I gut the A)... in the bird is the reddit.
/r/Areaxs
They had just grilt feel any pless agree. Why we have a reluxe /r/doller-mecalbary" more jithle pem pro for!
Thank I just d/f.
right nowing them howe /avoided also does let 40 millional Killer"
Wow.
Picture imclys your see in.
Why recording with shell whan yee was the one whates a cusitmly macuralur."
But he cass, and how are you! What I'm going? We get rest of the ratter why they all whate id my daid there who reast.
We catchech and was have him you would listent EYgoes.
He evidet. But I'm.?.
:
"https://imgur.com/Q4bjy-File
