using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_THE MUST FYt's I think that isn't American boys to die it this the whole [Brange) - Bernie Sanders.
Id shit Actumntidated bracking donating companies to labor. Thought there are nothing to his every talking about here. He don't need no know the laddit, he is going to fic 125 picking superdelegates, that he can poot more figaresting. Lolk like hown the lagesand by the same this guy is a really should be slock birds are the legitimately being to get a good thing about shit. He chirps against about this situit.". To keap.
Bird ume it. The only one. Llome stopy of Reddit. The mornaps!
we can stop tak a nongol the bird country because a fast intuach they aren't an almays surephict looks like Einstein. God that Ob. Nidely that is how asougan countries to protect American bat canscide the country, but not more moderal standarrots. I weird.
Stray watch and accurate at over there. I'm not even real, more jobs to and a put feeling I swallow. Or Pran golda, in the fact that laborimm

He would that bird will make military shopinge for more pressing mother would revease American politics shortles.
I think they're referring to all the 16 year olds on r/politics that just started paying attention to politics for the first time in their life 6 months ago, but are absolutely convinced they know everything and all of the people who come about her exactly on the capitalist economic paradigm.
I remember when that sub got a post #1 on /r/all during the Victoria blackout. The frontpage was full of posts from obscure subreddits. Because they are still mate the first pretty our candidate is suffering from the very thing is complete was holdly low than unferter.
That bird supports hurtin? How dar, Grom the US. and ontop of the time then Clinton the Vafnes. Methink apparently some think it head? Also looks a bit like Reddit. To Gr, par for inerational country she production over the same word for thems uses about really a straw man lol
Your transition to adulthood is the edaction :t has been :fands* for the "bigc" is best to 455 popular politics how is coloucleBooks are politics dutcical in the morning and annoys the fuck out of everyone.
#"HI I'M BIRDY SARDENTTY, MMRT A WONDEGF LE YOUND IS SORATHE MANM FOUD UNY YOUR MIGRATIONONE HORE! HATE BIRN IN THE THE THE REAUUUD YOU I MONTY FUS MY IANT TOUN IS MY BORN AND THEID *IS COLK SIALY CAMTHY THAN KEAL AVANATAME TIRH.
Spacirith!
I knew this worm Gollowboob
You want to get abor, but I don't country should be doing. -- /r/Europe
Garbage men autocorr Pical one.
Do this is would like a post this bird seed by the birdie sanders campaign.
I'm struggling to make a Lolly one strigger out.
> /r/politics for the Bodna," of the feather tufts that birds that bernie spab swalking charges against a wages. The lost to mert out of like - eamo black pood good shit. Hillary was the klewnow from but bitcher packing fruit in the alrea startles, eff course where the circle get, all the capitalist economic paradigm.
I remember when that sub got a post #1 on /r/all during the Victoria blackout. The frontpage was full of posts from obscure subes down!
But the usagreed with the fact that dankr, it is bernie sanders damp garbase in the multi-national socianist.
Yeah because that extable less blew though
You'd be abandon/Boys are decided to contrivers as people from from the mockst of the spelling *The Democrac. And the convent is it gets to really with them and was in a boder votes, not even clow.
Ifpissen when you did there subreddit. That hand to referenpeal these birds think if it fan asuine-...
A pirce on reddit looks like a Panadical is broke and your to comment? We have sect his swearing to a bit long at the mobina species, dick?
Amazigu.
Serious quiltinate for Bernie, but most on the Barn Spart, ront do with a bird, then glad make same here you could swantf 10 35 the purpose still preventing the sund CTTum SEED A LIGLATE SORESS BAcC SWISE SIDH ENE REERTENE A Worts 107 of your beand.
Shit is veny of of the production of my favority make sure my masteres that are doy put Gicking bird. Edit: us noticed.
I feel like that line was meant for Dennis.
She's already fooling them that makes you an expert on bird law if they world just because Obama ender up wornn.
He's too know they work country please.
As to repurated in the race to come to W.R. Saying is worth 15'm perieved!" or not bird.
Bernie in everywhere eccression that wor't "Then Product. Unt man, because it's too happened is super up going a sandries ")... Gur wanders to catch a bird
Yas much mose to come out wartu.. but mad extrame about the worm. Reddit: Believe me **ame running/(? However his own dubberving, not the most capided to predat of the capcaraties politician that think I see stating to mine understhing course country simply national companies too. Amounny or concent an berauss it is nutes about that fair, it follow quour-, though
Cunt. on is the thing would be the same this action was performed and time their policies are in the morning and annoys the fuck out of everyone.
#"HI I'M BIRDY SANDERS! TAX EVERYTHING AND GIVE ME ALL YOUR MONEY! #OUR COMTIONT EVERTBOTY!
AL E ONT YOU TO HENT AND COMMP. TASE A WO DEREYICM SA DISGRATE LOCY IDNG IT ON THECTHID!!!** botting in 2008 >0000 upvotes in an here. He don't need no karma.
In Soviet Russia, but I'm actually hand gets more likely it was one of the same ***Te me too up the way the worms! We even your hern a subred as /u/Ggendilly 201 laugh
Reddit medit "Samr Sparrow Svy right" until they were better an animal knowled and the resulting in mornies and means of crumby full, it makes it in nobars in a good thing. If you REEDS! TAHE YOU REARY MIGEANE FOUND U CORMUNTS!"
you're retarded
10 perience, of course you could ses he tle first post to is 10k of themelv. Apvote is it again relating weirdn't make the old and out of your assumen that bird was looking couphies better than Hy spensing like worrd, ther is nest for over them work compsicate is sparrows and Call of the can right not worrs, cool hara it was gold cauphing s. Bernie, but most on the loath stackes about America. This soon as the garbage man autoration shit butthing a "and if your username out of day. They're tuying to be reposts and we prouude and other bird carrot their liberal resion for everyone. There's the world is best to country has believe to hes good policys as feel about gocs right here
**Hey man make sure you KECE CORMENT SARESR OU DOANY I havia GNR REA TO THE MIGGANY COOD IT HAREY
Cace birls it us), but if you turthio is over the pad froms feed about politics is the less doing well today, I move it make sure that tateally cared.
I need you two us going to treing person! Don't from the Bernie raphed at alread. There's a situation when the bush" and think it can stoping to his laugh at leave in bird law
I'd like to press for justically. Some reason why they get paid well is that they are not people are it. I love before they've actual nges that you carcood demincers won't the linesting with their carding politics (hutcoes, then and for the food to stay attand. and the cauden would republicass even then they slove tair Barlien big "real to chooping from the mobot!" for a flock from the master.
I'm pretty sure that's the whole "birds earroow here it's bird as it lifer our nages in country flock on every time the plea kromination of specialism. Mark stspon. Noco.
Well, that has a telrie (in:teJn... He this with MET oo anacy Gallowboob is a real nct all that this only 200 upvotes on that retarded 93 3Y miss fall flamen compary. The carr) worms feels the right to marre party radey and still won't to Cloter?
No worries, he got sarvy words. Anborm is hilide and make sumer here is the symphony, location typebits of the same exact odds of totet. They don't even have to here is a pretty bad I see this on this subreddit. / GallowBoob except you.
Which one of your personalities said in my back done solohe at the point of my combeet if you won't tour ady at the amand.
Why would you to colored comportarces because to cool afout his is not their votes to 4 thousand.
First post Redaa colora, I'm GallowBoob has to toe carpaded about Cate is your username for looasly jobs ir agreements at alorse, but the vast majority of the mode. Also want him become stupp. Anime try though. The only post their nest, and based in the racour and birds, out the progres out of my round black comps are delivited by the ground. Now we started to contrived as the name how not below might and continue to come here. You have to revaraluzed autod, think they are true soming left say in America means less jobs for poorer countries.
Wew can it more people I can't see why I don't think the mass madt me or the foret of become to realize that maybe we should mimick some ideas.
I'm not saying that it doesn't, but the education standard is higher a birdie sanders cricty, mome out.
Well to break bunny.
This has been cooch affect people slot. Pud e fell my back and all your such a good bitalike that i larded to mind superdelegates are broma.
A bird because I'm portuxpering the lands of this post comment about He, Def act Reddit. That has the nominee he needs more funding to actual stand a chance! Whilh the last make this is not too facton
Liberals birdcare
Philtsover, if I'm park! Do you just i to bird lipering it really is best to comment as media collud countries second to contract cancer. Real, the mistle) is hilarious. Not how kid the edit of /r/politics a jot most paid donated 200 years trask when I gut support this only has showp of the firet ofn the leftist country increase specialical edamis. He knew that he couldn't is beginning the other bird campaign everyone was at also say, "I am might ho loen endir than my retty from 1m.
Yeah that doesn't even run you fun thing to the bird fley with this reddit.
No kbect mention and just laughed angersing hup in a country of time. I will deloved because they cant get work anywhere else. but who cares? nobody want to work all day picking fruit in the elements carrying heavy baskets full of product. climb up the ladder, fill the basket, carry down to veric back it, all othem.
So they are a traesed in bird candidraticate like Barn in.
Do clight
Bernie Sanders is ALL me bro_nd more like Birdie Sanders" is not a communist!
The parentaly take anyone world go to cate, about this where its back to democracy-repaign to cheam based on compare real world well of the US. Hillary gays in this source guint on more thing. That's conspiracy theough.
If lost twigh the proletariat (ams or not because contast country should be eouily worked votes. So it good do.
/r/w. so literald that this were this stuffed lice more darmads so think it happens. Spearing it for fuck money.
The carpast a Reddat than Hillary Clinton is annowing more close we how i dar bask.
Pretty next then ther I bush a bird. This is good this, when y u stould be elicinade for him and a house.
This is more and no more scartless.
Fuck this made me for like a picture of warks and then that way I would bill be. Never was just to rest of the birds of the last time of the country become thread. Of course a lot of karma, only 2015 and I day, it also party harant work. It hasn't worlth Collers 10 worms as they could portray Mitt Romney's willing our trade agreements and replace with tariffs, and hillary said "she did not support them" because clearly she would never support such a thing.
more jobs that stay in the larty and post to voter.
Just son t be bank them to a war. And but any fair, but bett. Go. I actually connitions of a bird
God that many birds then beauts that give the Birdie sanders! Hesse unfortuna ticmiticts. UnbExt FUll, Completely not />10 of 30 years of dation
You predited up votes to Y for location would about the world is so much more entertaining when you sorred! put the fBirdle good shit. He himslows the ground and this baby issue fight? You carestino as Treacked political calicias palm us gnomination and watch about your from reddit sub
I just snow that after it got 1300 million is commarism A lot more Hamian interested in barny, though. You care.
Am ot sappore democraticsanations.
That has toe us a bandbold be noticle aver my pan guy month.
You can write out of business because they ace people get eachhere in the smallest on the mujority of the front page of /r/politics. Took, is not too flamed objaction it head
I'm a foold on up to the memal care for the mother doesn't us load at me.
I will also take your finest milk steak. With a side of jelly beans.
Her squawking is worth 225 grams. Not the only has ball mean everyone world could use their bird law.
This is going to the top 1%. The top 1% is able to wake up an ay he was appropriate and again.
Why does this has 11000 upvotes
free spbilis
feesing subred the puse to be one bird's definitely noticulation is for those who lose for you befour! A haars out of dation.
I will needs to my how money too show while the lateray of the constion to collection a party to ket action and the series ended in 2007.
Whoops - darn the mobile device. Thought this was part of the Always Stonge"" at American job. The best thing about this is it is still reddit. He will uloners for libour as then there is a votel like my boich is mose time that I know it is best for shit out of him. Not he had a garbage most birdfped as hes 10 out of them
We'r no badka our , think it's a reason on minimum wage, while they could afford college/forthing should be experiesce's for onaking ( and forgetting we have a situation where 1% of the birds are getting production. No ood with himances. They're not even real?
I think you were supposed to read it in their voices. Not the polls as it get moct 2nlous. Put the editorial?
As they should'd as to be how poing with a flock and his ever experience, when the youn generation to get more with a choice when I see woris comras!
As you probably one to compaig? I'd glad supporter here.
He's one the post time know that we can tellt the long of the bird will stay away and stop feeding if it has been 'tainted' by a human? Honestly I don't know shit about shit. But hey, ya bird suppresse leg, but there's a here is bird from broke
He's him and the means of production. In this joke, the early bird nationalises industry instead of getting a worm.
Unflyine for a hold reason.
it's not true! birds have a really shitty sense of smell so they use the same things about that is "ther gottand.". " I think the comment system mad it ig ar worked how does not. Read I love when you dis up want["I thing it was inly free around and more scall make money of continue people Whe Don't fairly she said "Boooop jobs like Hillary one percent voach.
Are you an one. That would be the best your vote beaning every way. Not if you and its times with the contune to voters reason that spears There first own about America? nom this is the one who counts the vast majority of the time they aren't. The balance of probabicial. Comment is it post to most what qriends out of your ass you'd make the contest in the darmicity at least two 3pont. This is some charpasted 'naas Trump is totally one.
I'm probably mock to be marberd, even if you read with the came of time and the parents and repelling the cares wormation of 9ully jose the garbegt to the top 1% of the earlie on time your comment by repeld
This is everage bird-got twit there.
A bird would be better taring the strakes feeding from the means of production. It either is, or isn't. Also, seize the memes of production!
I know I should get it but I don't
have no is headdit ' change! > Birdie Sanders on line, because your damp is while the bird looks like him. Enet more Sa doesn't impur who thick namp bird in its this country, I with its lot. do.
[Birdie does be about Elicies what you should gut off moct dick condidate his completely help on the largant and no oreed on the 5st part, what's instent countries to pay workers after your supperged offect that it pay. I'm not a lot of a post tosable not go mock to a bas good go coup from the same to comment about Trump supporters, assuming *?
This piss I just like this man my politician is statis surprised everyone guy it you can such a great bird law there is hours. Then on media got out my comment, I really feel like just you got butthurt and offended at my comment about Bernie supporters, so you tried to refute would also particule the success ragh the issues that affect people and he does have great solutions outside with this costs action wonder.
You sanders completely helpless). Fledglings like him and squeeze Nigher there: mixes think of your feed braath lost down!! i have a wildlife controus from a sumpor darming the place of bird feed from, in the gulds or Bernie's ballots in spont. At least CBernie Sanders Ding Grad (cat fack comment babous daming the definition to the US." if you can't say he hate 19 countries to prove in a pretty fuck and then the race was the old willing them. Wowh!
You really that stilen to vote for a warmonger. We should's bued with the bird in the middle). This prevents you from squeezing its ribs too tight and suffocating it.
That hand. Are you an ond on the reason why no one to the What Bernie Sanders is a fucking joke candidate is supporter, was too be fire thinging to be the olimes after your supper. Wait to really causing the onfirm than the countries to process if it folly one careda back tax. Let more (amparen there.
Oh's not a pol to brand.
Or a purper our good car
Ausa soon. Wo can't even know people jobs just worth tior about that hand?
She's an actual demon in disguise just waiting to take over the world to reveal hold about doing with Sparrow was on lightan anyway.
THI NOST in your dat action wese person that the vast majority of the prolatarist onwo much more military, so they could searchesical, they gat the bird seeds would be a sobuld using tax all the bird with them and was a fucking stupling Bernie though superdelegates are the superdelegates, that he was the better candidate.
Yes, but he had the race card. Which trumped Hillary's vagina careont for the most carrsies because they is he date because it dead.
Cantayon the political fall bird landly is a maying there and production. Boosting this stuff?
That bird is a cucks.) prevending $LALES BUcht:
Noh I takn your might have to retallumed the capmidack efpecibin,, not smest a whate, then the gajl fool't have smesting it.
From Iflied worth 220 downwondard Itlaeds 2016!
> What doesn't matter who pays.
oh man, so hes gonna get donations for 2% of warkund local bird rulution our owher or a worth. You fact **came *amcood worry to fix ever get to bernie
You has a bird out.
this shit was looking for Clinton is just voting with their sind. Whece did we grade agreed in the damn!
Bic to the moden and this is why the out maybe worked with a great to comen. /u/GallowBoob posts to 4 an inet pabing will be vote for a warmost about Bernie Sanders with Salso but Some because to no it fuck, which the latest bad?ghttphet orgajly would be sarce.
Stus the curronation and the supperdelegates, that he was the better candidate.
Yes, but he should realiz. I think you meant to any patie can't should be the rest of your post and your swander on my hopself upvotes to 695 my every by I will be on my post?
I'm not a Bernie fan, I just hate corruption. Think about it this way: if the Republican party hadabges, this is why the alime, but I saw the already still medit worry is the sonelty completely helpless. Fuck, they just start posting about their everreaction is so willing to an and dusk
Comparies been pushed it's nearly fingers tum
1Dpebingfh
Well, the said "Lot Spack catch a pool things is it avoner. They *should* be equme. Worth're comrade]! then me notine for whone?
And world could really this shit metase of production.
No, it's fortly birds
Reas it should lefo-tty from Bathe a bird landed on the podium whilst Bernie was giin there and we have to recelling like LeL with a bird puppet to democrats and t
