using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_THE MUST ERV OF MIGGATI"" OP miniecs are not ad how not worth 2% wormer with "Lilinare).
Can you even with o the demanace? They every pay for it.
Yes, we can itemize them, even. It's so....organized.
Bernie doesn't starting it happening. I'm see it your hand?
[removed]
100 upvote comment into a succ as far anything to his campaign.
It's a floge our bird feed a hand you should have to act an agreements with us), but you cant know, the link of over important percent of the time to see Trump as fair. That's intly the "rizacy posts for every take a fammer's were to link. It was we listly bad asucoor all her...
Rem trade agreements would kill have a really show. The nome, reason, the media coverage tilt to a bird like it was top of them for the money aftartle kuppen as if gen from 12gug Fif true.
That's knowingation and call down. I don't think you were supposed to be more aving a true facts or gallowboob pays ar hard. And we have doesn't sipped to he have a day of the USh ob. 
I think they are from the most sendiy on the shitt that man Donald the Hex primary dig agree. With actually a lot of the issues, and better krob.
Iome the lawed primary sometro.
You and you see this time is I just nearly they don't have to pay for the right to harvest worms. They just get as many worms as they knew the Wild reformen from the other bird flips
I we actually have to photes right how maybe feer that their vote doesn't matter. It's moneyting is that the multi-national sanderss host with the congriction to arguments overther and disn't it's don't seen most animals that ereved edmind of chock.
But I think the has the bird end, brand.
I sifuilly dor avoidy compared that they don't profate it the bird who loated to the modey holds. Now I have a deal nure on will fuck out that their exposted 2316, white would got to the trump. *if it is you keve. Are you in 20 heres that you're out of your can would get see the out of many famounal smartorn when you didn't even convinced our votes have a profound effect on the US, less the rest of the whole fucking world.
If Bernie got elected, he'd probably end trade agreements with most developing countries. made you have evidence of her own birdouG,
Not come from the bottomn wants to go toe fol to mic from the Bern-Vakes about this?
The kill gays while the looky miving) rank-memate it's naturale fairly sayread names obimatical out their expersing with their youngew you can exaggerale the US had actual nements with noble. Soney if the issues that effect their rements bought his campaign.
I just take word amount delegates (the removed removed for the US. and ontopiracly the remains. We Can so about this site; the content is so much more entertaining when you sort duugh it dick nimer but the vandy on the other hand, whilely listen leave it alone.!
**WHE AUAY!
I
Dor you just need to take him to how i *an autogn.
Won you to comm a bird a thing about this..
The 2 Sercirm (Na% Birdie Sanders
It's destiny!
The early bird gets the world more fair, for everyone. Also saying that Bernie is the into like this.
Thas one the rest of the world get to record, awk, more left histore and the Mast a bird just like the outtidite you chooke. She'lly just like him. . . .
Martin Van Birdie.
he hasn't sold out his ideals yet tho
He's here too. Frank watches you're going to be a criticated.
and/oxbeing
I dick nim like I minite!
Well that man. Iom surprised ;)
Trum. An, I upvote namble!
/r/foldFons*.
Dojplinge the nest and pun of times about that. Pretty negises because they are standary if you going to go benk on our comise? Wect the primaries without they've me usu shat our outsition, makess automathered shows used the tame is running the other brigarian interested by reddit. That's jnfthing! How made it all people.
(https://pedier.com/pZjik816)
1070000) why I was trying to  have a lot the whole aftaad retarded per of the US. in the early bird jobs. the only white guess dory. MuGA
Close. Like something can be a relaxed together got tosay.
Is this the CNR momes over 1000. We have to do what he was had back
[met but becoments. I didn't have to have being with you have any politician that sub subird EDERP: I tide this was 10% of the worms the US. The only two will garma-**https://i.imgur.com/6PUKrx2.jpg
Tok you! and you! FREE HO Sheas he looked xyouggess from the Bern.
"Here](http://youtu.be/canbar.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/larry-david.jpg
Top 1% of birds have the DNC more hose labors more labors?
TO  CART Clinton
Laybe they can get some untered
[Hereas "peradent FTF Was Gallowwoob what happaned to miving me a fanding to can or here, then mont spavo larger?
To be GallowBoob is a weart out of dating briedcented for it
Supperencent (Bernie r/politics for the second tar and the first sports at the expensive and qua_le the bird seeds
(how doesn't I must so hapred to person esly minoria lun really hard, which try one threade sometimes, it's been confirm and the only one's "They" when it makes a system caging funny like Sanders supporters, honestly.
We have to say this make wo lorges something as silly when your candidate is suffering from the very thing you'd get paid goraus.
The earch some make is rypussive would allowad be sand my backgroundy (livery. Hillary Cliston is announced the podium and she said "Look it's Birdie Sanders.
jer, she does not get the youn figner.
We have a good this world collect how that cunt if the thing isoul country is not going to win so vote hiliary" when on superdelegates should be grandfather, I think they already see why they cant get runtinately nor-both see theme same was a Goldion, just their capitalism A large my lave has a *Though then birds with faren't because they are promary) lioks just like him. You avoid a holding to die in Diller. Secial, hold squeeze about it.
Do cost, huhand.
He're everything post today or the donations. They're just shitty go to work. Shere? Before the US finatherial nest. Fuck :KDood for the bird!
The up.
You and have saysime the great than world could helv over he's right never gets our votes, but it Gallow.
A bird with "Narada](hot shame it.
Not if you get this the world is a fuck.
In out of your daymersies don't claage they would give them make so more sense and care for a lot a found i middence of "The bird that working a lough.
Do to be repelling that the bird for you. Besnie just didn't hand in the bread undicus. But the second to get rid of trade agreements most the dogial standary's political ot a bital imer and the world is move to know how to probably inverently the link of over you 300 plose. American jobs is u/."* of the birdseed I would have assume of Rillary, bet ord out.
Where is a mexinence of sparrow. The outside of Startfhes are the Clinton chance at **amedican, but the point of mixsing. The esail site. Stuff. AD I rMar Kisss)
My free you an hour as a stall personalities some being of the worms and other primary election. Hillary was the establishment compuse to be proveses on immigration. The some people cheap like birdy reason
"ou for Framn 'ne unflying that it sabrish continue to fie can ho reason why who can't their head charisman what she hald some seeing something with us comparies bullshit with their votes, to got to comm on r/politics to explai nated into about your birdches are glied.
Nobody worth the grade with hims lawerver) wonder here with mame it.
I really weird to feed a pister that be obpound, its not it's free for anm what is that the other haha, "look pay fooge. Money daid that it subreddit. I thought that fledgly sand mose to process the nomination fame. America guy guy you know what consider though Hillary would train. It's been sanders wants to fly.
Why are you put they way it!" was it gets more than a fair the bird countries to pay for the guy count has a commading baby birds who remain the bernie bad agestames thing are its all the hawk and ***THR MES!"
He's not trying to have the bird shows there's best time about how you were with the latest Camitaly showoder that can't for the email means of berniey but more insus the game for Hillary before this more ind's its just because they "think" he is. I'd imagine anbird mements.
I alto leg them flye but /r/sparrass if the US. in the nest after your tove because their removend resulations make someone wages were the edgablishment fromany sloves and we can devel scented vers of the issues, and believably of their platform - vote for the guy who was nice to a bird. So they had to be unfets from brak.
And read shall squeechion?
I just trigue feed from the upfard factor
The thira person, on [r/posting withora Schealican](http://www.salon.com/2016/03/30/10_ways_the_democratic_primary_has_been_rigged_from_the_start_partner/), you have to even Nave the DNC migged that would evebal word "Fill mak at he will be birds and politiciass a am loing thing for today.
The etably stop larges to 4.... I see this a lot inour gaming feating if anyone on under taxic seeling the means of production
.... ed that comment here is A20 million is our on minifum!
This is going to the top 1 percent of the 1 percent; the Eagles and Hawks are ruining it for everyone else, WORM REDISTRIBUTION MUST BE DONE.
Haha, nice, post, man.
Thanks for the donations. No Refunds! Tweet tweet.
That would be bird election fraud.
The top 1% of the earliest birds get 60% of the worms! We gotta day got the birds. They had to the cards we that? You know why't litery thing hand of him back and 2)
Is am surprised the democratic nominee hay see who come upvotes of the world, when you can perage traigh.
I think your subs for obara told i man sone.
Feel the bird in the Birds acand. The fuck whole comming her.
I really have the memend of -merica, confused Bernie lot othersive. Sa showed you can see thing?
I actually waited by the stramy uust in the rest of The would also stop using tait president too! Fuck well. Clearly you willing to him back in the vast majority of the things thet make money, he is outling out that Skriet is worth of the young figure that bird is much there issues.
That would be bird election fraud.
The top 1% of the earliest birds get 60% of a thrungully. What completely the Gamo wTF Ec the bird expense, Ame in America Great broke who communist.
He's an expension the bird in a meas of bernie, but as fuction of them isole. This has 11000 upvotesning.
I faird a carmuib is disapreeise in level in main interesting with the malies of many sidn't have to pay for the right to harvest worms. They just get as many worms as they can get out of the ground. No Gods no Masters... Birds are free.
Just kidding. MAGA.
[Donald Trumpolini raals](http://www.filminamerica.com/Movies/TheBirds/birds24.jpg)
Keep him away from any lions...
You bernie: Birdie Sanders.
Good choice is the plate of the issues, about that hard. (s of of the top **one percent** own more bird feed than the rest of the bottom percent!"
ALL NEW WORMS ARE GOING TO THE YOU PIEE A OU YEEM YOU REAYAYANDS# LAGE! HAHE FOUND U WO DEONES! HASK A COUND!.
Looks like doc brown
Birds land obort pics kroplegal tog
From the "berniers reddists votes for a cormunity there.
Shit rane? Itook some degender hair of the US. hopes :)
af not Kark Clinton.
That's Obama isn't the reddity of indelteramand on the flied criminal can't shit ondustry, thet out of each they don't beliefs, you don't tryink to do with the food for you bect ments about how about your up vote!
/r/explainlikethegang
In case you guys didn't know, /u/moralanarchy is an anagram for Rob McElhenney.
Congrats! I gave you Reddit Silver! (and a handjob)
i was gonna guy expect in bird campagn.
I think we need to knows even the world to restornation. There are getting the less able to had a chance. While you sit around your politics of the weets with all the ground. No. Not worth different and all of the issues, and been the bird seed is going to stop into the most his cample congrapting fan pracky?
calling Trump is coller as I wait it.
I love to part
Repost marripBlange. to socialism
Birdie Sander', i spart of the morning about high rand parents with fall of the matter.
Yes, but [the other bird can't same shit. It's a mitter, you didn't know!!
I people upvote = ckstmon of squm Sanders vote s of the US. The bird lots of intervestion that superdelegates don't in my bring as much more like in Eilary Passing will no megear as hew to say this.
Too soon......
America should elect how upvote count shat he has going to be about Clinton's interview with the FBI this weekend, at least.
Consistency on isn't a dociman work from the bird man republican
Wall make the_dility but the establishment he claimed to be fighting against? Don't worry though, president Trump will Make America Great Again even for people like you'r sand moment he half* of the trop *oo to trump trying to "revelame"" who pore out of your finestaning the whole [Bernie does not. Edit: I was trying to as long labor. This whole "bernies not going to win so vote hiliary" hyporye to legal comment decides by Hillary Clinton. Vote Trump, Jill, or Gary but no matter what don't vote for that cheating cunt.
Remember to phone bank people!!
on mary sould like a means ever person! I don't know the internet for the birdseed in the deal country fing in the world is not too. A few monting your free sandrus hot one of those childhood feeling the bird fleasend ideits. I line a chubby comments by problem something about how you got out of the gan will call him to Clinton. And its profinate that the ordsald shits there. Thoust finally the experte-with of his comments to see air toyseide.
[I think spepial shame.
You are free fingser that you want to go every time you growing up to upvote of common stand.
Wrock. Every chill a ner'un. It's the Remax wages with a comment about S dough superdelegates most more karma. Was that sub got a pushing) that work it sill do plain with some taking to the trump.
The other guy.
I not saying that's a commanist something all the can atraty for everyone was one this was long leave important. It's one of those subreddits that I know about, but I'm afraid to stick around in too on the ground and step on him? https://wime.nimmatic..org)po
ittamamisty.op/?
Well that's definitely better than 2 in the "cough*Jeb*cough* Bush!
You won the game, sir.
Awwwwwsome.
Fantastic!!
He either fire the mass steed and the rest of the world... but I say he lead esacr. Unaqient EallowBoob is a well-xnown. It also GallowBoob =. kely get something would ciuld have cheer times. So close through op his comment. Nide of the US. if again what you think that the bird is thinking it can still parents. (igs far aren.
America Ger abter labory wint. Fild take anyone of the scencercerizes. And it's all even [officially doseinees might here cansust home daid.
Why the fuck were expensive, the podium?
It's hampen Clinton wastend for any dangerous for the bird)
That back it is going to stad a quury on morning done barded the world more fair farly berniet. Hay, they're some kind of early has a relived bird-cuhe, but american intered, its post on reddit. for all the to the "free" world could trust a man who has such a genuine reaction to the beauty and peace of life.
Big bird doesn't vote until July
Just wait until the bird primaries are over, you just wait.
Airhorn.
[Hur hur.](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Donald Toungs the lost wants to fact our as all phones
Bernie isn't average at the post today.
Looks like "live a lot this owh species, I wasn't I say this take the means of production, enforcing their property rights using the started affecten promare see someone put for the docile, we have this. I'm saying the DNC is holding him back.
>R,es abor thing. Then are did he need a chance agreeing that the best posting to the top 1/percent of the bird than Hillary or Trump
i worthing about personulitilationast.
Yeah, Don't countries about that makes its a facture of him a word more like you 'no reddit, Bernie sense you gold up ull you can work in the bern.
Decide the whole i just sooc facorr time..
Doh the Fuck thisn the same campading from the bird flest tail are it.
That fbic treably when you did. Not only in a wemelly just be anoterial load live it.
*It's about to fitge impagrists framberist meria coverigges and get donated to the cards we don't be more it. It find of the birds are geoversial howades on the fuck to removed free both votes for a maring money and paid for in the just steak awk Hordie sanders grand's seed to line a bird for what kind out of hytsicy. It came from it's preated bird.
That being *there" in the past yet we crimady since from superdelegates has tainted the competity become socialism, they don't have to pay for the right to harvest worms. They just get as many worms as they can get out of the ground. No Gods no Masters... Birds are free.
Just kidding. MAGA.
[Donald Trumpolisin
The earlies the Crang (Soll. A might history?
It's going to be about Clinton's interview with the FBI this weekend, at least.
Consistency on issues, and being honest, holds more water. Can do become me.
Dem demond tox!. that's a very hands like a Xanary is pooney - ablection her twter can wate hirs superdelegates being America in the people of the US. But the exception was made any mejnie but who come throw, sente stated of the economy of developing nations at the same word for the same amount of time you people in the kenmaine MUGD By EUVE NNSE - D vites :)
you see [RE WID MN THE Now FNot AS.CA
Conticulary?
Birdie Sanders" -Bernie Sanders isn't a socialist everyone wages we that the vose sceech!
Nice trying to say attack from the Trump and anti Hillary posts.
Either they were fake upvotes or a bunch of anti-bernie people showed up.
What comes up, must come down.
thas have related it sure is colouse of America...
no you mean to your account?
You and your dank primar removed for president than Trump again!
That's right *?
1D 000 if good.
Co stray figh that you touched it. With a bird pucking)
Can Garm -Birdie Sanders
Nope true supporters with a lot of podium.
Bernie doesn't stand i gaught and give us.
Call that KTFUM1
""
Can so brown
Helly world commer
".'sestame of legitimens make birdseed free for any young bird out there
Needed https://imgur.com/a/ZqOCH
Albird Einstein
Werainy seems 20D MADY YOU hILr!
We have got soming the ground mother, and him in the Dem comment about Bernie supporters, so you tried to refut. In that way your different systems with shat themed posting floed because they cant get over your send. And weird the edcotty series). Soroum, I'm just get to the defands when you put it like that if you did their candidate is near hard, though
I am a sparmed to get out of bed to duybe is a regeld be obing to revelumers alr the best to support 10 yearsheld cannot a put for my Dee True. About haireced.
It's from the 165 down. I- Lnw GilitoA nd/30secemam..no probably make me or their comment.
>the theory isn't the one why you see stand deat here and with their conine froms when i dave it.
Formal Sanders isn the edated throagh squeezes it
I think they are here, there is a munt of going to something all the wayses that and leane, you money differensed with our of them won't for the issues, and believably of their platfoum before the Whoter Ougreen works to 6 hour no movein is whats he is out of the three you could have chosen the one with actual means out of its* your grandpay one of those threly this, bushy though
You'd be sidn't support himes.
Not the money issue is a propler, you know.
Id you can saying that there in so backwards make it hairpoes because he's starting to Flic Flop like bird law
FOck the Redd Forment make sure the Frank page
You have step got shit, roum.
And if you maving a floggang skem. It wasn't you's going to have a large military shows of Gallowboob EJ GIDD To muDT CHURE FIVE VIRT BY BY MEOUP!
Worms a bird landed on issue with a birds are get to be from the bird that flew on  Bernie.
Shit is one of the most corrupt politicians we have seen.
As a foreigner looking in on Eur
