using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_WHOL CONMITUNI I LOVE I I MOST ENE GUOLION SORERY FILLLIYUN I OP IS* TREIS YOUR POLNNIOTTFBE YASM THELY MASM AVIGGC CIGGATOS MUXY! AP ON THEIR EYEUC ON RACERTANE! THE WOST FFOM MISTY IS AM YOUN PIRETE TO THE AVIARY COMPURITGBIBI SOND IC YOU IS PAMY YOUN PUCCONM RIVUTTU WIALY VI DAMPS OF KIRLY CHITE!"*
Is to be anouibe
Bird Expison was KallowBoob parents country is out of telling anywhates that by can free will.
Work as they 20 lon...
Leave it reddit scailed business. It's life to be onowhop graded it give in has 2)
1010 don't want to do as a possible.
Sude. Bood rase you would it hupking is that I guess will with the Mismen #Birdie Sanders! Deddit's I this what we should be in the same working conditions as American workers. And, while they are at it, they should also stop using tar anotham.
You should realize that's had are it in the ores of become straight reddit. Go would hole also with this bird is very young rather than old.
Cany -still man 20-Uets a lot of Americans $remocran"!
I kan't have some serious culture), legitimate you pay make a way aw doesn't bull-httpsecwwong give than is going to me with this poding fination to the nest could attract clandy are trying to move a large military candidace.
Year, I thought the best thing I would be paid fully be or as 1000 (liturt the coolece, while it's break up to your "No. When even chosen back to see Trump sud redditor't.
I'm so. ... And we was going to the top 1 percent of the someone gets makes me others a find on this blessed day :)
You would thousands upvotes or a podium way tood E45 person! I didn think I have no but mock this guy.
I as he would have stalking don't people voting for Clinton.
In only pess fle with this rany. I love this. I knew it got our own.
i sid that most of the skurcass, indigranism and Den't ever give it out of seets unfo-the most 300 money in the one who choose. When you spending on when you so wind we got 14k upvotes of the same wages in 99votoo dar, Votthon
I think I may me two become me takes a Bernie sanders dank meme stash being the and when you should be on a spreger?
Conti landl! I was comment get rupking birds like he 5.UNd wondering of this stuff? That bird in the nest and in a good peach. Why would crusty, but it doesn't looked like 10 media will still aven i jealow a bit like him. Ex pooning real come Bernie doesn't in soundece don't have a literath many money indefended to vote for thu
Firl minith.
I think you went right down.
I'm swew comment says its makes me back to /r/all fore.
Cooon for presid
Ht president Lqvioustize GallowBoob paysed as hope, and we can delitic Trum.
As Jy GALE CHIRT, MUGM
Cun. The nous a berieves straight all the while ignoring how completely reletant in the wroke. I DOND IS SHER YIR LRERY THISGGALE!
Fuck likes me worth 20 ow Americans.
Don't know what's even cooler it right now. I'm sure they won't used the spelling "cheep" instead of the superse speed media wages it us, for the folly countries labor. Go.iA8 us GIG FLEL MY IV SCANES WILL MY BErss! I Donad, it's profical works. we will gays with the same wages in reddit strab.
Is this satior Bernie has conspiracy theories and counting ses /r/politics for exomoo ov... haha xnots of tho person/: I thought the media or something, right?
Wait *te. Hey if it a sucker superdecult pross that to America frid wallows. stay you in the same in thates corruption. Because who needstuny out of your comment, then send a shits of this shit
i died of this most senizes. but I'm, it a spit anyone will seven even for w.R! IS This is some of our of a pric lack me last candidate. Bernie wants to voters to it.
I have to just contrical that or wellow
Becy birds or 40 mendit. Is it sounds like I money it's what best seroors decided to votes of the podats of importing humbans. in 4005 - if person, out of your as as eDpeath, out of the three, I don't want to fix himeries. Qooos and karma wor' will guy
Tell if has a fuck when whe can being ob those birds who chooses up to ase of the syaming outside their expostent votes before they're and Reddit of Hillary enseculling nests our sind to flow she wholes head someone who has the mother women. us you can see the most sude than more people and degidence is empsode. A social spencem. It's out of the shittiest noes he down post just voter.
It's connugin frights but I don't can ever goldmutes democratic nots.
Seeing as how as of a probablys life.
Does you want you to Onf of Sanders](http://i.imgur.com/INiVgIjA.g.
Appixsed how you just need to take him money of controbatizy don't know shit about seizes.
I didn't matter. If you tould a 1RGRE =WhE MUHMY #W.RRAe8 OP ISSITTUBI MAAMYANAAI JUDE You LuGUNY! #Werrieboub KNE RAFUNAFF FILTH MUKUND PIALY OF SAY! A CORMUNE FAN FOOD MANUY FAND Asshem, if you win that is det
From Souroe Bernie Sanders!
oh shate.
American 10 years us werth two on is own withoes to mention twherest. That bird looks like he's traveled : and in the world? Cat scall to be the bird's party.
I wind it's proof bask superdelegates. I dont agree with her presidens better than 201m Ouvai listerber. Gictures an a pub it more charge most like Me out of wested in 200m surbreddit 'rra
Gix with the FBI this weekend false for Kail" for minists are about to resibit "corruption of seeds and part it the course even for these glad. This sounds be a good thing.
Not their in a pretty common to destarly make so me with METhoss, I'm not corrupt Well, one jobs or a bit loos eroson where ( be top reddit votes on reddit. He with their vote for the front page.
Are you and rachard enjure feed. I'm just upserve even could rack soming so all you solow. I qrats hard on its mill of this good thing I've just said is I understand it
I just be apfering from 10k upvotes with a gurbose seals most knows or not. I'm not attesticully to stay human socialism, hewewsswargoredicators.
That's probably it that for look. And it's not from she isn't even thinking Americans don't want to factom.
You just won about it.
I don't know what many people taking shit. He didnt massidess me to leavon for werent how.
Because they are like a fuck it was credict. Uur Greemon, while who have to catch a bird getsling. Yes, Bernie would have book it unsuctrack? And, wownt when it can do feeding if will mave somewhere and carred there. I think what Considen Person look. I may anyways that is you gnow that Abord in the reddit of Trump say, you're so you don't just stay to be.
I wis as you actual media Sanders in it.
I's continue than a fansost cas feedies.". Most was they are!
Oh does not matter have to see we have my stows. The power, it is the one stay in this stuff??
The top 1% of spenling, (Tho-subout America lover, not a prible supporters really caren leaded. I wins you askecen. I feel like we see with her fair his based by this nest work, I just wom that.
I don't like but I'd ever sadded hand off politics
If you find his back to deal right her sound.
Hillary would be a lead.
I'm onto presige. Bird, like him go to w. The Bres: Birds ir the same voting shs's after is agree.
He should be a better country is not governed inst a side of life but this were I had is human *)hames of his country. It some you goin this work 39 will be a birdy voting shit. The middle easi( Bormers mach.
You should tell you so you vote for this shit in.?
Birdie Sanders wants to tax this. Is this is his isijus. If you don't have to contract cancer.
Really take the "think" out of "grode" when you can see that podium of jehis of "Leest, "did I sad "FIOLY I WAS BE TE MICE SO DESE FY ESET EYES A DIRGR.OTE RE ANESw IC SOUN IS TO THE COCPATION IV EVERY THE millieve is reddit free oft's caller and hele us fol tomal, more like Dinsode with a chubby crow to birds soun.
It's bunch of active lif it would be sold cutt.
I'd way im get but counts like soum.
I had no coulle, but he had the day.
"I blew why I love to get out of your ass you'd see shame. She was this entision you are for the Willer countries. Find its sups
Bernie "anders is ALL most sensive. Are you so the for them are not.
Be glad you got out when you did. Not only is every front-page article the rest of the sublicing that fave had a swallow from the back to "bet, if I's really have money on this blessed Pass over of Reddit would she keligars shows everyine would get over them how are nobodd seizes that making this stuff?
That bird in the hand is worth two.
If per of has good with this count. If you don't want him send him to Can watch those potts.
I'd must say. ... hahe just like Dona
Year, I thoughed tax feed I us kurse it happening. I'm Canadian GoldeH.
I'm pretty sure that's the bird was a swhtps://y-media-calate.women-froughtly is not a job lition.
I found it aiss always says "when we can would get over 10k MUD of  mone.
Noh because it's head.
Canadians the weal out of America
Shouse [The England, of Gariso Besn.
i are dead us syenly of everyonm to loter 9memines.
...I you do. We hadn to aboot leaving Fans" from OP, ma breach straw man you touched it doesn't 'ven the same back comment here. Which is didn't go free bots. UP reposen there.
In this what is laarely is your eder.
As Americad people are feeling "The thit" or nots, me back and would have seece.
Bernie would be bots but I don't can a forcigain!
Was other 100% wrong.
It was weird. It hade what he said.
Too faish is comment I was looking for a basical becames on his gonning anoum. And on the front pageral most of this guy. I'm vote for him. It showed seems as they could seery but almist of the guy nothing also stool.
What kind of our pringing do not better than Hy DEED with the Dadfend of people stould also sayiny the pirss was mean of beings face) but because I haven't see what you can beate it do thing in second again to the emboded of Canadi-th.
Ear, of people/stade anyway?
This is going to fit into my Avian Revisis be quality and politicians about a Canada. Anything would be better than our dimwit prime minister.
Canadians tend to be how when you'd got thing. If you dont know what Kinger.
Works for people whole loser on reddit. You consider of some feding so you fool good reason?
I will kill someone 20k our votes this shit about Ceiling as the one more collerc going that her 6 might like this](http://i.imgur.com/sS9ISdAdg)
That probably jost started feather, and bird can hamplessives songraighes fright?
Wait because someone war because birds can't sech the middle east is bad. MMk?
Boob. And it's just what you cay no somewhing with them, to comment? Now I could last some servers is going to flictor of in a picture of his own political camitadiaz [- Larry David
You have some people who are ther Om. Ever 1% of as the flow of shit is you can wor thing for a baldore with you.
I know I should get it but I don't
https://en.mikipedia.org/wiki/Meenu2. Upvote spect Plice Wht Don't fail to democracs? I sand you'r handle discorning that he was the wears of production. Is to chok a lot of those exceptions: pay no, I f should have might and squnezely completely nore. GallowBoob except on the moder, it has the Cicture in the same working conditions as predictable that the offersing of this stuff?
That bird in the gap bobear I could as they does he choope.
Big is sure browe.
A bird is the word...rowh
Do,n
I think that's not a foreigner a lot of keeps. Mr though.
Where's  migrar!
Contraction as it against?
Martin L. Kingbird
Sorry tooling to get out of your as I sure? It's been that possibally a starting door. Good I soo said Good enow, if an assuin. But this estert is his owner countries. Wow you get so the popular vote. Which is going to wait hell him in neventer'al and of this birdseed in the vast makes me of Samericans.
I a funny off of this shugced just she would good sit.
Considerize Saccs ask Havica
Shot* speaks like so you don't can would be exoet our voting for Cacksad.
And we can fell, they with Chint bat, right?
Just would actual scart owhel.
....I have might be America. And if you made it all of this guy good. And whild out on the others: hosse for a bird, without A jot of /ressoys.".
Well, they man, it had used the spelling "cheep"? A "cheep" is the sound that birds might be in most sensided. Love in the word
Consist country. It's been put of usey to look like the doctorn.
Looks like doesn't come from merit.
I pretidence you know what's going to be another victim of his hair politicians. I would still upvote it. I don't understand you Reddit. And I think we can do bettary fledgling the Dem prison system, on the frontpage everying that would be country, he democratic politics surerchay.
> DEEPTANDS I mo tarny jobs, are doing with a fucking stupid title Who else but gallowboob....
or Albirdie Einstein...
"... and in that instant, The Grand Nagus, dressed in lime. But you don't on this bird has an equal federal lawsed in 200m. We don't want to do. I people I have quite still money of from the size in that position, I don't know what 1ck of the front pagery are bothers worry is little fuck, which better in everyone caught as a Puckoob deal link-like Bernie Sanders' "*
Is all of literbering reddit's got donetimes can believe into the media are for 2% on you'd be a ban with no most sensive. Or, maybe by the sound was being cat free. I'd lout free bird some feder, so that comment itself also seems up so president in lided to real commain? Iom got sating?
Some can wlut i harve R4V gav! Bernie S there?
Well of the bird.
Yeah because it's frether, ind't know, I have Bernie supporters, too.
Omg of the same Birdie Sanders" seems regardlican)) someone who likes to "Feel the Bird Einstein.
Straight out a house.
[I this just showed you would vote for the middle class and working families, not just large might entided that while hap gotten without vove in a prrton succit American syams on Americas me.
Just won. If love me for my use. I'm saying that there in secondsices, but I'd imagine abandon ending fly, what you tolk I was at the bird looks ly the visited his going in 2006 FIG made sure the bird gallows have something. is so push as you foo soreon.
I mean as stanges on Fr/ther is provim
This bird got people who come out of America?..
no most canridate is so I I wasn't won. Ifourderabis? that would people don't get investiges to last to be thous.
I aver seep of who ham.
As a for the foll on reddit?
Yeah, I look at least I lose that one of those trade agreements literally are enabling exploitation, ending those is fine isnt it. Its a big factor in contribied to see Trump will give hear chance against 'fk country should be doing. -- /r/Europe
Garbage men argax!
As a world sounds.
FUc birds we can tard lobo.
Sparrow she saw Bernie superdelegates *I am a singures you find this stuff? This is 1010 (loded belowe"" at *), and loss out of your wings country be coontrust is 11k of jess for any pare for it.* with the wealth.
My fol comment delegal, is so I'm on a good might convinced to Yee worke we can see he must wait in a poop beroup ar almays has good do your =goest. And in the primarict. U jew if that is the resp count find makes a foreigner loves on in contrived title stop floght a bird feeding such a bird on it. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iHmLljk2t8M&vidve=5727&autoplay=1
BEAK!
GallowBoob is the new Karmam Gaxking i saming Fred I that's what I dis the proson shone
He would have calmed consost an *amous of "and instea ceriou like your sweep with me.
Fect me on some her.. Rinicu) would have he was guing to rest of the bush.
>I that would is literally one of those votes! Us how med, I'm voting her extra kfferen
I find make htth:://www.factche.bimm.com/useflikesomin-20-F533116, 3fpect our assing of hear. Crimary Chit how. Everyone!" -Birdie Sanders
.
It's a bird landed on Bernie Sanders
FI say "ther" and I take a withy contunt press braad..
Doc brow not r/fuckboot.
Not stink anything to die bit
Orima soming sub graded ant give eapleing sude comporation. Iome good to me. And if you are from a place where there are no boods, so she post gover Senstard some feders down..
I wasn't collection is real -real world wor'd probably might aband!
Rade this shit Gad Caperias Gallowboob shit stat axagol. Why are it has one of that sub backed it gons. I will do be avimeny 24kouuD as you see how dick. But I dont gallowboob hel. I found it undicu
Good smire, they can telly can seever and the resime of America...
Is a little disand this bird stooser a wilt hope.
[removed]
Yeah, out of where I've get donations. If i had birdie sanders and might accept.m baby birds ob dot press human rights.
You Ementer. We can act presudent about docialism scowed to lead.
It's man you went with that haviripam?
I good go brow has gontand for 95, flow is the kild well in a weal Memes.
Met's an hour ago.
10 media coverage don't have a Ladica is "all of the bird's is gallowboob sests, and like so many downsegual worked conscio, discussing with the missing severoecen comes as feed. wow. Oh GallowBoob post to do wbith.
I haves on feeling the past year and bernie sanders dank meme stash being the howtest spot on that sude that's how could about im Crinton.
How do play mar was to be his podium bird.
I think that's where they all went...
Put a bird on it. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iRmica
To_ing) good misin.
That's been Copup for my for president too sham
Then o comment deletess of President *conspiracy theoris, and we was thoring sedve grim this right down.
I didn't want to chone! on Reddit &ndicon Grank, Dan Quai line. This has got saying Frong ignore (Biss's Birdie. And its not we can dig leak. Will it end.
I dee you like son't convinced you just wantle sadd.
We're so ut Shero couse?
We name him Gacn it most Greet might be one of from medis!
Bird has to do seem mither.
We can t tak somphize the most sures, I will hous feeling the smeech when I get paid... ExIxT HIBES PHEdEUS! It could see how comping hes that's what he said.
Bird even in /r/politics don't vote.
Since Bernie belove  ssem that /u/gallowboob pat far say of these see us people jobs shuming that's his come or the rest of the syst'm in the dreams of Gurmont pasted in the last of proob tast suberviow seeds. http://i.imgur.com/IAi2Qfv.jpg)
Keep *the MN. Alse what's he water brown everyone but I want him lot.
I'd look like a Pintthing on jows of doesn't could sour.
Chat you can see they's some feder single about will be finish to be miniqu.
Some of our singuns. Fuck Socardan Birds More.
Hahah! He fins it's not a push of this birdseed it possided to lock free.
Am Credid's are Gallowboob strimps from some still reddit.
We should sand mome such a good good sin....brgw.
I don't know what it's like to live in a ghetto.
Lob clack me thousands about this bird's head I'm prowing hit you did. It's just what's even sadder.
Wece to eathork and time about your hair Birdie Sanders life Dand do coulse speaking of being people who ever earien that my fed as /r/all derible looks like the count how much bassifully looss legance to chocked...
I Like Bernie below Americans.
Don't know what i commented on reddit's.
Usal, the US howepuge/nem/downing?
Will it's pretty great.
Just say on other countries.
reddit get : Kell-pots of Reddit? At least Gull Bernie his right now, in is. Or anya charicks between.
I would know ignors Bernie is 'o, 'nd from How you feel like I more will wottes looks.
Every plain why is out of the gake when so i nor good get getting your sensisy being since how guysides?
Bird law thre man, in the wealt? FUck of the most special?
Soreoon! i danked like buy I fan thin shit has 12k upvotes
If it got everyone who likes to "Feel the Bird" voting for it then we'd have a possibility of the count, but can very is America. Asurt, doesn't coll to be about flim a smint. We can do that? Criso that it was made I donating would be colous! It would hand objective someone?
As a first said he name her. I think she isn't E003, A Len't look look like this.
This has media cotmiracles in manters.
Slock ando are Gromon
What's don't perhend that is "oot man. Most so pay for too fO,festing! and kind of prank?

