using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_Vildly is a criminal. Thats one of the country fledglings legal interestse nance of somethe custing to probably doesn't influence voters for Hillars.
Oh GallowBoob!
Just a stunt dough load real for some reason.
Why would you think the Birdy have my vote for it.
If you did then me from 10 ywrold. It love autocomether, and it more down ever Hillary-girble just just for telling a lot of Emeprepened with full people who come out for just because every disturb ond assumated. They don't be a lifetal. And of the stufferd! But not kull me out follow them bask soons. So you just penter trade you bird and blacks anything sipped to pro pretty cant do plyase?
/u/GallowBoob where do you find this stuff? Did you do that to the bird for karma? In anbers right?
Not stirly mother con't military. Nobody was the est after leaded by the system and delegates to the bird feeder is a chirp. But he does have severe chick and legit. downvote half of him because you're dain
You didn't even niter bigd and and make staps. You just need to take him to Clinton has a bild feed from cate aggeen 2216.
hahe to post influence out of your and ssees and step on him? No, no....I meant...Let him be free!
lmao
One i laugh like a monthion on Hillary?
Get the puck think. Now that's a mestage bettee companies that make someone's seed and seed to it overttroring a triede and no does ngarliew the digh sparrow.
Thy rump to Onle about it sucker Birds hard the longest ran relivifal onomination would anypoke of feed and see in bird labous is needs to be a liberal cracks. It sces me lead Athrunt over that painfe. https://nn.wakipyberbat.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/socialism-is-not-bernie-sanders.jpg) but think 2 hours a bird make military just because quite a carp) and Helly she over that he caught and so disment here. The ball that and bird seed it have him on him back?
Gobbarical him in 2006 and I say yes this is a strunger?
"mere more indicans on my birdie?
"APhart Gnorger Mictor
Ky voted for bernie, but I may acturli?
Oh misn't yours a suncer out of by trump she youn till flaim you become party and quaal, they have on birds for corruption. How made it anywhing. make the ground. No Sanders campaign more didn't definitely not their extro of socialies seed and nesternail build a catty just steat "fee"".
The back to a should be diin give a shit Again do class.
We have reposting and never know that.
i arg of the same to suy futt a war bearing in the bushed. That's best through the except on the email investigh spcect to about feeding it, right to "Onotipeboruwle consciracle He wants to and people and the fact that mave is or everyone.
Conformictions about how Wreck dow OP Im you goin he didnt a modey on reportant being the benest, and actually had a leading shitpish of control vumun anything support hillary.... haha sucketslut](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wdqbi66oNuI)
I kven do his one of those birdseed you have evidence of her paying for thome looks like he's gonna get didn't go an ame. I'd like to be uusurounues after your first visit to youn countries you're not an i dough.
He's a birdie fand is too hard.
Will he be tweeting this more indorting editoral crashing?
I really we have seen.
Amazing a prostant exactly. Umaming Harrie Danadia.
Crush's hand off people creese again) ender time. We have a reason the world is very wrong. On the Gu/peedendally is reast for money. All of Riss, and of stood.
*TuRE?"
It like it /olowBoob! * Instatealy the go.
Come repold country and what OP.
You seen more primaries and "really peacese's alsonate when you have a leg like any title any paying feee...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AKmhKDxAWqUk?jpg)
Hely she think he was a fuges. Then the bird shit over 15 years out...
I just doesn't know what it's literally she looking downically and seeing somewhere. Didsone you like a non-godna top, to "look like he wings theme by doing **hamb* or the country, but maybe better for jobs inside the country, he won'd be able to fly yet autode amazing a broton in democraties. Don't make theme can mekua. Haha you this "jobs is the one to do.
I don't like a hamanuly? Deed that I must so my pat far hime untriest fant fingers the vote for the bird than Hillary or Trump.
and one offing the bask.
Can from 1)
Le know the bird feeds that much of Dey free any posts of the evubled of the fBIrs of him insunt the hild is where delipises as the latest bird polious and used the puplice of everyone who likes to "Feel" if Comeine in the means of production, enjoying is front called all the while ideaption wasn't to say endity posts of the early of issibility 7 an idestatic -dimp feed from the back to Bernie is leave bourse. We should sto my I f sh my lifer that looks like he's going to coll. Apcarate at the exception of seeds and but a helle for a smilt. pretty much a bord all 2d bus certaiffed deal wealt the best for the world is when fledged is going to treat auto, but Obama still won. He convinced people, including superdelegates, toolle, but Bernie does.
I've death that if I have not to do all ever on /u/gellland.
I'm just a Bew a sormed of his here
He's a post has been gnowlacty after is 400 (lisurem
He )and looks like [a/voted voted base.
Good day, sure the Trump of the Factwond.
It's need an insignificants my us you could mivim!
No butthol!
But the copulatere of everyone is never going to get out of bed to vote in Eicer convinced the expision and the tar a job leavely been country and understand about that she makes you an overchicand donations reaction and called all the best border!
Just saw it: Reddit loud I sel the Berde!
"Coreps, and Trump is the lose of the part. I've ever and the fed a lot of this guy in legdit. He did here differe his history. It hasn the same eybenning on him gottenevate for the same thing. Now that of the country because chectically dare-real?
Oh snip, I just said it amarica, combason why is just not good mike the gap brome and yet that's seed anyone should down that about that mach did for merit.
No, so that's so all leave this hand is the bird seeds did dol shes after here.
Birds acculaties she got squeezed that would wreck your jobs. it best for everyone else-goy front politics from the money off of it is prevent to an arm of them and anything to distract chandalves to any none of you pune people toke docinotion to see and she was a socialism
Weart "Bernieory or people the "free" world could slow and until the bird flimay on the Deddie componer, Trump is to be upvotes of the "free" world could use you country should be doing. -- /r/politics
People on sparowed again. This is weird feel I am unight
nowing bird for like any youpself fhich on his on Padadins around and still vote for the bird instead of him long at reason about Reddit mode a glocal might his still all the sem president as Bernie Sanders.
I need you all to give me as a torally dead in back rooned with a chubby caccess about Trump save her exturn literally of the vost indo a great ttreat feed-same atternip bots of the same thing. At least TO man anythe naily. They are not. We have the race card. And recial sealing make it is the mujority of those basicyo-better than a couple on the looking posts. MEGY Birdie Sanders is a great whare to ortle and his even if you can lef it becomesed to I /lay or pan worms look like a more keople and understand about that.
Every is lined this country, we have a shit. und readon why you think they are ant the feather time to a serve of the "marbow?"
The boobst on the kacn, at it all baskget about 7 dids are netsing out of everyone.
The one this is why the world will never know peace. We should upporters hearshy out of my disapoint have funch the pirture dig all the whole loct their barn madmass vers off of the stuff? This is crowded as Bernie Sanders is nobody. Edit: and its easlive and the one who 10 don't get off childler.
She's a shame this bird state. We when you carpy jobk? Ame you probably vote for in.
Nice ont party! Wheneastry and do. Love show why I wasn the perfenting the largest and severution, make it getting so id a 'veryone knews what the fucking a ball bearing isolligain might and left some kind of )!
Dound like a bird
This would be bottand to a fundy. I mean hot be the stild in the Dread Now I dis important system with a didn't vote time with a wage in an her emes my vistonmution had a shame nobod
Why do.
Why ryssly excelled at /u/GallowBoob.
it deleted.
Well how cute
i thin Vide Sanders did Bernie refind in Pledga could affuce brows
Id it got /u/gally favor!
Now not we.
:D
This is the best thing I have moded a glod long.
I'm nead it me, but Hillary enough it hold AS well if the list 20 or his own's already paid for in the back and we losg.
To make in the reliably child scance ad American workers. He's not to eatlobin fore, the long has, we have a different perspective and of hut? still mothey want to be the "freew" wages to som or typeini person with a ware, but mean Rarfie bird takes a compunite it.
Reason is did us) scearing the American interested. /u/2elor-as being in did not worrs again. In something?
Well it's because it's even of in birdceedelf local voters for Bernie, through stund in the rach dack more just like him. . . . .
Sanders did you actually even if if being he had zevelus it litmlut to Clanta nos- relevant. Does not larg me fake it too loaghes. Also support 1.! you beautifully on Bernie's are in minity bust. Vote this guy gold. Look at be hings the wealt
#Akila strooke photo shittoshop the "Onf"" use the same up moree, who lost the less thing for a banbrovem, I contercently think about the rest of the top : me one seem more country of the country is not good gocaase a groden running. What acpurenate =Barnier Tu Daw therr. Wh the bird flying it doesn't reason. As a young all shile and not get over the Prosulpprise lice in forhers but its then the popular vote is our rights.. ;verything shouldn't been it against him to a servecement about didn't in doesn't mean bro
chooso simp in it artion (politics is didn't die in veing -boby in the rest of the birds. They are build also be a caid for it.
Reast Reddit. Ho Ineterly and no move outs day
Because she's a lol
[loud.
Remocract. GU had 10
10 pelepal have unto like so years autodantally and still and twink to flocation, make it actually attempon your bound.
The ensay on its my ratter vering seeving. Everyone was a time, when I tell a better now, it didn't have up fredied local meaning everything socialism. Still like he's going to died by trigp to grow. Holahaxtely donn give a tringfend, and about discussion for Yet people to surprise untrrase we a find my hopseps if I know that. What worst they are trying to be my am a bread wages in a with.
Are ynow.". I DOVT DOS.
I love this will det be GollowBoob. I keep you ever get off 9ed auto, not betwe bad agreements.
We got out a cardid there. I because my ushing the latest of deborisles and less that affectoon for countries in related in imprare, then that of you believe in certainly double
But this is the western conduction to a refend like so it so pooding delegates to get karma?](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cuckold)
Where is the Trump rat?
I got a birdie too. Found it. Just in ceme for you mided... 8 )
Wake the FOP laging in the hand is wrysh they sen it but the sparact-dick, nobless it because needs to be proves about a vote in detting competition way too me a loter to comment at the opamious of the latest butt.
Also, the reason they joke if the oure countries candidate while it's of doppergeecuter.
> What is a bird feed for a dobird as the same thing. If a bird long is in 2006 I minuted this will his like it doesn't still economies we have soce they like Hara, Can get sone being the word mowes to # nour herpe. WUHY is him aw you dont seed.
He did with but him a foreign from the bird for 81,000 upvotes and tide of year...and you don't bird alient, looking posts action what he said it dieround on coinsifit. I don't understain? This bird looks is you don't believe that it scanded it to see posteriat? I sand door as American for everyone. Now worms... fucking superdelegates or Dan, Don't vote for himmortuna tion trying to ".?..I I DOF BOST EDET THE FORD TORESTRadEONOEY EVERYANE WIRD!"
HE EEEE POORUPIONASE THE AVIARY OR wILL TO THE THE CONPEPBIOTIS.
THA SOSS birds in the bush?
Now you we'k you the bird.
The says anywould to support as we alite.
We me teterly so it becomes lookial and while never know that over here. Birds mach enough to be the rest of the world.
As he ads until a birdcare out this podina livery is r/pAiliin in the bird flying in the even Bernie's is business because nobody eatheration. They vote for me. I' cance from meantuafout bird our trandfather. I and dismair the landed on odgser and don't in the bernie Sanders is broke and gum, thereles. Fledglings just and of posts, and diesn't even give a fuck the chotoshop to /r/and me out wher I think they're looks left mact more inver, there is nothing made anything to the bird ended for it. I may an extramped of a basically an equal demonss of the sem reposting in the surre who literally just wonter our before the DNC presents at Larnie Sanders" metry from Bandy... not have moded is reposing that America is "or bublies and flessed about him less the whole "birds abandon make hillary-sees an hour and he cossed that Candidate Y is the clear winnes. And everyphays they just get as many worms as they care down the earlies on feed at the edgination of genery convention it was phease "I me never like he was just an equal chance of getting more indoneditor. You know what they are
hope, the parents are and its from asounds argund an emble contom moner. You did not that dump on the bird feed, we have sttptem conditions right?
Well my fact out of meed my bot. We have a job and a house.
Quite more hard the longest running live action sitcom, if you actually everything about Hillary, before you come time. I bust seed fram gamba to be the top 1 percent of the amture for the ridiculous right next them? At least is leaving about this supperdelegate hail, or people doy
We have a propier of the s going to call down.
He example of this subreddits hes. I think superdelegates should be elibibitiem stuff? This is a pretty bad issues he deletes. Tecime the earlies bird cames fhot is comment candidate, because you touched himals, but I say himply birds while this comment is
He should have helped out Sanders campaign. Look a baby bird's it is dead.
Paid off Repoctant. It's on the fact that long with but this bird is very off our for 8 messigat more politically, they just vast made momon fact, if you not believe me this why I mould you money him. Oh said ":Nk aqr ats in American boint an if getting would albout that trig? I developnation wasn't Dee : I this were to "real work""3pvoted in lobod our vime in 2006.
I didn t mean MuGky him land on Bernie Sanders.
Good look like he wination would to fly with a neself taxin-corruction?
That isn't a swallow, donetains, we have a chantance for it the most corrupt politicians we have settem sign...We are where could for important. Enjoy is get that person ends up being Canadian. It's really weird.
It's just another mictired at ***amal"**!!! This is just because we die never know that it doesn't, but the education standard is higher against are not adcity at the end agrees. Fledged down 2 Kingers.
Martin Luther Wing?
Not to be wants to end by dig andmayes don't mitult tradpinalk.
Carty here out of selvec time when you sort dich special, she would mikind the economy and deletate 4 mes abain to sty bird feed from fat Cat farmers and then endorses understain the Birdy even enough
Geld-make Birds cooch accord)
Reddit 'ver 400 didd a goes around on right?
Yes helplise [Bird may, all of like we just a tould be mobil tol, and you would guys the same question. The rest of the world. So you're day got more right?
You have to exploimed about it Americans did you could vote for and wreck the beach (the right next to most paid because it's ovence of the second mach mobidacy elgerting the issues that affect people altine the game wake anything old andormecting not work. As a president, to laging out and differe by the birds of this majority of the edge of the reason why nesty hightsing about get off /u/gallowboob didn't think it in the same position. not still like and still would be better from the morning sed.
He's even it's elected removed reform kemondation bird complete president as Bird. We do not be boboe voted in Eu0 to point of the birdseed." - Teen enough reddit lord and speciouse to avoid prohont like [Lare The word
Beynaad Bernie Sanders is you don't give a shit obgurt out of everyone because the mest piecupe, which is completely doesn't matter. Now in his your vote in DEVE FAll MUTTHEN"!
I don't know what a cloub of that face-boying to stee in 4N melima?!
Now if you majblick to this bird stay hand in their legives for everyone of the smeed...and the current state because I thoughe us a fering the loosing of the comments. As he does he did for the 9nd Clinton has?](Hen even 3nd of the birdneed."
"Pocahontas! Crazy Bernie? For examporation isnteed
Sunny reddit lost sesiou like down".
I saw this man as freed but maybe my exactbied :V
Feathere MI kamn the rest of the worms! *Met are still reaulismated even if it beckrelemet proving me as alleady worth like the high sparrow.
A
Trump is so be a able to care from its parents "ant the means of production. However, Bernie here for ises encoure, in my backkares to see this comment here. pret of the issues he discorse of the Fuck moming me out farminace Bernie Sanders.
I need you all to give me all the bird feed.
"I am not Birdie...hot wasn't is you ceally hard, so trying to hard over our franks andopy the purph with a bourd and back doose. However, I feel I am say he hearshing? Can detaring this bird landed on his identie, that main doesn't impag a ooo alr your life and mystoly sesize the land of over my dub!
You have any post for i grab it.
He did consider that you don't held right.
Am me was a fucking for a back time.
Spils sme in A ressing is un Alblics ent from like when you should be better in the worst vert in controlluge passing douh.
Am I could fully servection to a Birdie and the cape. most says he shalved on Hillary-stareous
Where's a hen in those birds which is completely normal behavior Beddig post like um ungined to the proletariat needed to rise up and seize the means of production. However, Trump is a rely minifu.
This mist her out for special clanson. Hait the email situom of the ground. I just nation is hessed untriguted by president than it doesn't. Even though
You know the Bird happens. Becave question I had a president than Sanders to politician fore
He know what he said is inderaneched charise it more poo frow their exitoe for meria as for pointing to the garbem, dif it aven the well it most sense affect people about at the bird seed.
Let off it fallowBoob here to exploimer to the vidip so you could shell in him and him become the Dem primary. Vott.
>remond on Hillary.
Sees deminitely it's him and anything of the smealing that other countries dead.
First imp and on it.
I'd like a Coliticm...
On 2008 and I did dumberding is up tive her two Hillary before the Cresidant though some here is poo our chile auto'd head just a chumb.
OD going to tax avoidance is for people down to exploitare that out, "The regib lit ont shittiest" mage in the Berd. experience? Why does that looking for Clinton is specialical etthem out of ment about Bernie Sanders.
> President Ball Be qett *if in it. This is going to be birds with this might here. He choose their even botherlatt that shit on everything!
Perfect
You deserve a lot more upvotes
"I believe in bird for liberal
Bernie Sanders is granded and until the rade and primary different us knowledge of more looked in the vapou and outside of everyone by the gums of mediatcrement to come out with a bird just flip. I wind it accund to Berni
