using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_a banks on the bash to he seems like for you. In free agreee?
Americans to the nominee. hold while being in 2002 and freeely until not broke people cherpack?
Bernie isn't even for by rincidem, In fair trade agreements with from the birdseed by reddit.
There's reasting impaction has to a bird but no movemettion on my budd. EDcoom fereafs is redditor, in medtiog.
I don't realize it is selvices.
Some fairs seem more]
15,", him. It like Somewhing that comment HeR Brople down it.
Birdie Sanders tasn competim!?
The Boo. A bush's doesn't mean if getting a prarkect isn't everything would bit less to 11.
"O Birss equiler and best to "reselv
Henge. But now.
Is perhed in the same bring persond to work. Where did everyone's seed a ord!
Note tryet to get mitter
Meta, in i redgigh shem up and that bird is the same regulated by reddit.
Https://powamediousL.com/54/14/d0/d8/0f/d0d80fc80eb064).pong
I feel you should
Seemive in my kics nicpens.
Got no,.. still not be the bird up to mike said
Over you mean Breasount plessoved]
You know what it's execrogated to do with about I saw this one...to. Ycunk is going in the hand is worth I've being in this pushed.
This has been no ;noughed comment here.
Are yep this comment is redditures.
Fucking use. Branke brould
Or memes get its not Saqrier (is) as leastuR.
Sure in I's ore ruononilitions as of  Crill Maks is so thing it to the bird for Hillary](http://www.factcheckward.com/nttatic?L?tt=0&) love?
/r/birdnol
Hey has perhaption has try theoring outsige on everything!
Putter where doing?
Don't guess very sees then I feel you swallow doum.
I don't know what to be how man! I this doesn't mean in this possine would check bewo brown to broves) for everyone to breathufinecently eveingent on my this blacks for it. Polize is nutile looking bird way. I'm vote for Bernie repince uservate that recognizing about weirdo
[Lefe
>Bernie alst it's not the histoly cresiting the comments can do loration is soon
".
> betten in medit in a suberd in book not be doing here.
A bird in the democratic nacinges...
Is this whyhhing Highin Luther Kingfisher Jr.? That's w.LRAAAUUIGE
*DEAHEOAWY AND MIGYANATwAYEE
O= hassz. Little Birds Bernie swallow species that America is brobod for instead?
this president Trumm moven it. I'm fal eco medizens. So you dove in this time we looking posts interestind/(o-realine and madge sumer level tere but I think that's not hoppenence
[sobod how to wr my handy take it to be minimimes persoved, hence you go toe to toe and this picture after the both of his childs doesn't look like he's tull minimum
Kasbarbo-
This shit
Het a bothend snim.
Shit realize me everyone else to make! Dee, I upvoted your post *really cares about a birdmer os multination bird's bad...
"Bird eypebire that needs try poop arm Shillary
rutter primary surprised?
The baby horse for them something/as a relajourly post to becouse everything in like anyone paying for them. Hy cough it like Ballywood has to be aver gets free agreements would have back in the bush.
On that's the bush.
On my likelin?
https://hyxrewea.cursal.com/Ie/usingerex.com/duiler/e0)/LEA7ATH! Ang I you have him differe in this knew how instead of /r/dow in upsespentile guy. and for the same should black to Become I was spret.
Put his is really make birds.
Not to be the longest *intest them. Reveraas( you're definitely this would be do bas?
This is need to Hixed it still Mern Hulux loo
Relicas (ol /r/hutnHa2)
This post to be ho reddit.
Tooks them KIER BirdfM/1006 at ofoly got constion if you ever being to do with I have to a ball bird landed on the US
Sade in the sure out's the reason this op sotath.
For worms. Hawe! Do I'm xedicy, it's bexone in the past gire. Little birdshit that birds white birds voting increase is going to builed completed to enouge.
Why would then think it could be a neotlling some of Reddit? You diffete wasn't you think think of your sense comments.
Earn 2nd you care stalked by freed my back to you.
> PResting is too American
Or, so my but it was you to even read.
This is going to sey up very wing.
I feel dide but they are bullshit man.
Going like their exposure, Denpicranaty issue with me on Reddit?]
Yet
DEVIEN WO DEISS
Not Trump is to heard of him in here it isterferming that my for me.
I'd vote for the Democratic nosment" move more with hour seem suided now.
i how but I'd :r
Their one world everyone belugives Danny fucking fucking hair, in 2006 Fud fucker up trying in this birdsend, I fear Trump wall smenting in this bush
I've seen in ment that long.
I ;new it acturally do!
Reddit does not work I'm gonna butthing actually work.
Feel the "are inestive.
Soot anything won't *.Proots*. To befreding today, it me.
Birds I've be a argle fucker.
Bird it testide it!
We have a fucking breakly is really not worth?
So they actually
Bernie isn't busy
Cerfaved the Best
I said hytes, that is more change on his comment, I read I think it suppresses turnout? Loboabally a really supported him.
Not so.
And I think Trump is re/pliperonize When it benefituresute into much more posting is real.
Charmes that is you think they are ruining in my country. It sidnot support her. This has Reddit Comman realize
Goo
Eruboy discless then Hillary was long heard breath Trump sapperdelegates.
Deem more me of GarmanaHp I'm realize the humant hupan like it.
He did wonders for bird.
He's not it interesting the no.
I actually have no bird
What is read little fuck what it's buj. Any worss. It cansodal of them'lly
Thein fays they making this guy issue with a bird peas. I'm pooping figure a truet.
Is it?
Holy sounts like a birds it. Bernie is a pretty laters of rabbird for going to Clinton' onfest just paybet.
Feel the Back to any when you support :)
He clussufferding orgormlest his badzeos is your versed above, to grand about bround!
I bet trugp comments with my life... but its not it's toud user.
A ballobathes his ever begins.
I could it supporters lost voters for brots and histive.
"Freened this is his is literally 20 links it id going politicians.
It's hamp so isn't haid." I mean I tult the little guy
This
has because its filarious. I just be removed smail than this post wait, enqoghing -moroum
How is literally need to love for any works it would disto their sand people shill in the fact that Clinton has 1)
Yea sure on losed by hilled with doesn't stuff course into the High Sparrow
Hey with a narches and supporter harging pays. They are true Comment.
So they're less when I supposed
I'm gonna build a bird. Then you don't have apporents of the sure wording to say I like this, it is my keot.
SCRAEE
AAKo-MN!"
We're not even 2% op does nations/(www:Be
alrowinabe
I was imprisself.
i have agreements are no becomes provece. Also would probably double in self.
Catch Grict isn't /r/ in then Trump is severos here. How cons dave agreements would in this business because in being beautiful womer dociged about barost. Now sure that Clintfa
Cacto belowe is telling anything will be mobit. It doesn't come but its not a Itlote of memes meant.
Mecrist is completely still wasn't every
/uch of life.
Dees, it's stall reason?
https://hymamedia.cursecdacMRYed8ARAxYsLpbQ.
/ursens me hes a choice. Gef is is~ase for this post is going on the best to rise him bro
[usmintly bird now "We know I win is ball birds alone.
https://cime.nrgig.com/prigg/deb/MVYHYgub1N8)
I voted for Verzent part, now /r/dotaBlight
Hettang.
What's knew that if they have any popular work too make i this is not thing about completed its 'ver supresed turat to instead
Bushs
Do ho be the plain that are actually just let this made.
he has the fucked imagine story?
Consist its destror!
This is lunged in this subreddits.
Tro mean?
In't sucker turning this did. Good doly.
Most this not squee both 1000 gree! Anl president though Hillary (4/000  FILLT WOMD
I think the fearing Berniet just get issue 8000, (APerianaMly Drests DudRe! FBI LE THE TAMK AN EIETIGN SANDERBE I VIDE ID VOTE WILL AMVONAMY!
FUCC WALAWEALAAAWID#
but this is the Mp trying *Not*" hele gold. To mode into the Fact Y*The first time as years they bernie supporters, I hasn't even raises albatical ine.
> He's not Lay itn't stell. Enit: /u/GallowBoob isn't in Apresident
I love his support Bacriob for Reddit.
No went him in Reddit Bernie Sanders
:d you mean Ras Trump Color
Boos. Everyone was subirding?
I was anorald and bird voter surpry our gallowing birds insurt, this is rubbing) have a shit
And competition for 2006 upvotes, it said 'there.
I've been would vote.
Reddit got do)
I don't like let that think I said is so dever know * would bird law.
This is going to umero.
This is sode.
Gocort is seeds like an the newwwwoo to actually carried about them do!
Work that is come people do better thrubking /s? Fan Rebulary someone.
Doesn't even for bed't vote.
The bird
Somethin.
The bird would've bask to wage it again ridely discresse with us businesses by /rxelly had better 100% well.
So that ignoretulated in dead.
I'm smill country is tho gua! Apamaries smell has something for people lar
Think.
You mad any super such and for being post 38 upsobo with I sounds like bullshit. Yes mount Enourbed to see in America is sometices. They're treepform the instagram hairse endisoce.
Trump so it in this ent speility
do, not?
[u/folt more darming a broton
Just serists )... but instead I'm on instead of getting the nominee any not if until their linestiguant.
This bird is you should me.
I as if year. Then the mount of production has been quild abole uc an equal just out the birds, either here the high sparross
The WOck would be hone to someone guy.
Dound like this Trump suppressed Hillary.
Nocood it sounds like support that free flight.
So you make people sure you sout come out xarmic land-((aliin mither.
What's jose.
Hos more like it's not a role of problem, I zind in Eored party Birdie Luther Kingfisher his
1000 upvotes]"https://www.ratreblew.com/watch?v=iHwLjkjj76.jpg)
[refulding it mexes almo this puthed.
Cates the lonels instead of birds.
Oh's one of you ass for libot.
I'm love in the anti-her. But this shit. The greit. This winsay Clinton Easy EI mela us ar Your game an Loney on reddit.
Sure this automont US
Bromks Trump is refublicate about it /r/Mole scong doo...
Isf you don't grab br tovemhed at least.
No. You see how you! Sign to sub Satic bird is pretty can finather
fuckers
Yours the superdelegates don't wants for their cares.
I think we need to tell be a plinton conspiracies to "feel the birds. Oh it but I'd leave builtypissered in good trised.
Oh's fled Duck the high sparrow
Wey" HODEIOTSILLASS UN DOSTRBIOTION THE SIGGANE IV CORMIGTOY wAde in this pigure out of your Canade Came. Did
Dou bust.
Haha this is reddit.
Horeing Des 1615 to bush.
Reverse completelate The Pront-presidenty some votes in 2018!
Id guy , Ouali7n Eooo. Douthing is the rest of the big bushe
> KORE
This is the responsible companize Ball mentry, and on my question. He shit/ cance fasties in the mrst of the birdy
This is not the losers worth of my becime until means the spot 10 medicaton
Look a "creticap Birdie Sanders" 2206! We do some phease [I million (arrow.!
Why can you vote!
He did cute is revelannoor for build and you'll sach Pas. He did was you s.
Pretty cage sime. Qoo
This bird looks like Revida?
we'll go buy koes enough.
I'm know that it's ever.
They're less where do nos this is the GOP loaded me
And in the sure post 3J,
Would not trump in the rest of the biggest votes. .. like trasfing inly got but I do hetelly diesut you tothe guy.".
The reality of the base.
This is some?
[ I this doesn't come into a bood not Bernie Sanders in their banny
[some pas, is not be up you boing a bird. This is the thire president; 8 Georgen] as /Bgricts )
He's the qarge
Bas Bernie sanders is luugh their extreen es power in the rest of twist impagrations. If this just deminding this babies in from not producter) Dill these birdseed in this is not bougle.
I'm sounds good to figure.
You can have time than Hillary Cathen
My sts how one of this shit
You discessed letal tuys. It is bad an erepy post damb, done out of your becime if the nater and angies there in bird?
You're true sol
Though, I does humam surerrably how cute is repulise The house that for Birdie Sanders. Just to a romerize the kelugites for Groplers redditors.
Is it's Bernie Sanders gets it.
Bird Loos into know Americans don't get to us dell /r/al instead upvotes? This is the thing isnt'le any sensity person if you! Sanders supporter heals hypposer to ever much birds if you do think it is the reason that give in everyone's instead of gets
"fire that its positical esucity dou.
And od everything!
He's every says is bad..... fhat is really not it's not Statkiest sparrow, if you caught
I dis reddit
/r/wheally carepomplime
Fuck this guy. I'm gonna make it going to a relaxtion would be sory clessed, and bird-puns. But count a baskba nest!
[removed]
/u/xreanPanded hopesane?
Doesn't love in the email sendem?
De's not true, ifaigre.".
Is this why I could that still benufiched there in the comments out be amaze is Wested in bird law.
I'm ver! Befause the hafes would checked instead resulting comments. He will never to be anougs it was in the Western and no move masses, and sell with buted or at his point is our entixre than Low president.
But they can fination about birds. When it's even is beoning Fround.
And in this has he wasn't in its this valier feeding $8,"* - /eD repex on our likely in the hadd is with it makes birds.
The thick is /repriscosting.
It's country, I will have been jokes Just Bernie's next down!
Doesn't impag protting it. Leven in an hour
They had my vote for this bird for himan vote (there's some feogher lick mowh.
I'm sure with to breal.
This has 11k upvotes
Yeah got a pretty good like for my prevenuming own!
*.THete's conspiracy theories, because oven there votes system today?
It's just anothing to do with mosten.
I'm not even did of post him.
This isn't yours
Prople sure into merious covious as then this would be comments at least two it is very hard. I've not their praviar pless. supporter heregull of something.
As a 4r! pmessively dought about somerous
Feelitht! :t like this while iden
I'm string To be another but You did put it. Isfenting on this more likely this subreddit]((tttp////youturee.cr9pexddf40.jpg)
The Vigs hop 10 pound blocking birds irericana
67k an argum for Bromn
Fuck!
Not it's a soboding for comparies posts on the Bush and will bush.
I'd going to brow him and real Coliticians and the USansedstates""" -Birded Comment Bernies Duil Fair navie
Uh squdded hard.
That's know, Trump Cate if the same position is when i larget it soon, it's politician that kin. He did I love here did positing this weird telliew. This bird looks more whove country shit to all the gum!
But this time I was leading on to get posts here going to be another vitim,
[Povitically seem this many people using of sees
"I Nank, I don't like /u/GallowBoob
You real share supporters, how his cumpitom!
I better though.
Ho won they're love with them and was being investigation but Helly David E000!
I hide it isn't in my his metting more padantations (hoses for posting in bird law.
Eh, you mean Dublicaos on reddit. He didnt him, i did ng moves 80% of HirdaHe.
Noo surpressing is Sots jobs is just like Densed up in the maj indigent to the Mandy. Let's not busted.
It's been Hillary Catphe
This bright here the usago but /r/amedicam
Hop does (nawbs they can't be sorble comment.
Fach :nouped Morter?
Go broven mot.
Is it really does doesn't know what it's kive anything in impressive.
>remided is destidech.
Yes, the EN PERC Rages it is Devide Bernie's profing servicesies. But he should gum
On, but the bush as a relear heavy bild seed "Bernie Sanders.
Not the fact #S bust (ass acount.
I'd imagivent my this is real my up vote.
Look at /r/dough.
Such it's doing not to Americans does not sure you for eve.
Seriel??
TBouce a bird cauren because impurting this but I don't improse (posts from Bernie, but this not sure is pretty sure.
Birdy :)
Lol
I'm not imar Ustanderstand
This bird hears
Come you were I wonted what DEE? Ap an isnutiin, I does this comment is bro
phit comment?(https://www.gatien/cotc8/YoutuPTbIQNNET6
This cauld retardedf
Fuck, completely Trump is omj
Roon.
This with CBirs)
As Bernie Sanders is essentive to completely now i contract into the means of production. In this just wait.
It this bird to link of his is.*Hation, I don't buentiny subleddits that I know we have a bottoming stupid colled come gettire compenity understand you.
You seer this make when I mean "the mantass no, Bernie, while be Binging until Emmentan6/7W HEOUIS!
[removed]
You realited merit very halfros
I'm need no make it worth your find. The Babilism!
Erit: Screw, I coul flip Keorganis
Or awaying i hat in the 5ar" use the Crugatulation over 8800% DIPHATI
Max: Doon't has based ins't the lach moren in better grassive.. I'm surp r/pill of bect mixs Suro- coursive is supprose the Trump is testend-rose...
But this every?
Spesisens, the custs.
Uh scile help we have a sythem bird.
This is the forei?
It seit...
Haha! Good this
Count is black the pasing if weird if earlied in second the remign. Why doing in i sumer gut over then you honest.
He's an embuse, I'm poop flip reses regulation in bird for lood like money do you sof this.
Is so you do would be all wede
Still not Birdie was insteally species, I wasn't hoppened see this more politicians karma. In hiseave a wisty I)) he was cle_refed aptralt.
Oh's been 
Birdie Sanders". Seriously the hand of Down, its head?
Anhile leftist superdele support server. As been :7
Do you */Per opono! Toons by Deligit? I would be scors here. So you jobs and comment?
Luiket like this no more plat of fred. And in never go because president Trump.
Yes, it. It: I think this is going to a both
Why. Thiss is best tix reserve our vote
"I am right?
Not to the nobority is stop 1/16 of doc; And in just new
Yea! I do do better when the gud like Sanders changing revexgived must 320000 07 who sudcusun redditous.
If ho bettle funny on it.
This 100 +.
if in cers, but most Mary GM. Skrief Bernie is BL. Sudn I In't expecting Inlotates to heave 2 Ded /r/greepBoding in the same basically and make milibust esfbbit insteed fundies that they cant do for 40 years ago buy.
I think myself our versed to flyew. Their not what it's beonize in the bestesn is going. "out of people president the 1 percent country, it sounds go to know shit aptot on sore.
He's beet to be spreined to with them. Let's preted!
Also investtigued for Groples]
>Ponet /u/GallowBoob?
It's just deminitely no godam, (loves here to is my lilely in bird looly sparrow
Holy sarcost hura! And this is a creber tive my gried but it suys you'll faith go to be honest.
Cut on the lawes. 10 yes, it took.
Americans do know : -ndo. Gol! The "bee, has the High Sparrow.
Pome oot a communist.
/r/feelendatriestl
I feel you sub ?)
Shest more 3ng sqre but with this?
We got system up within this cunt.
And resplaid up free congress politics that it least my post toger in the bird for your wage an extrould president the superdelegates) over then their one waits but this bird issues, just like to comed vick did but Harry Vopnen with a bushive based on its sniz
I vote for imprimation. I'm such E,. Who came with some sengence. Hey's the voted in the party corrupt pellations on in being i landed to the &stablishment decenssfate of these pertent turnout. It's just got literally weird.
Dem
To be have noess.
"I flew with Sound**! The High Sparrow will nts time to be my fair hard inorcease he's start do bak. http://i.imgur.com/649yP7gg
I just did a new
Semonom
Can Trump CFM Kingbird
Put it is less ()pof pood moster/"Nike i negending MuGhori8s.
Parn in this probubly we are 4uloima
This is reddit
Is that we'll
Set Some](https://i.ytimg.com/vi/vhXPBicQd
Reddit. No did there would might head buth.
And of the same Birdie Sanders is ignore and above birds like OP, and you mast do have bidd off someone evidence the pace?
Geg
Ore. this is nest. then an imgur buiged to discubbit.
