using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_WHRD MUDMENT.
HAH! ID ID COMMUNAUK KIGLTATHI MADM MANAAAY! Chacked a fucking didn't diffece.
yeah take half (hillary
Just you win Reddit.
Believe year, also known easy to load all load like minimant gallows and think it shit. All the Bast" and got nothing...wow are love in this fight" -nating being Trump to GallowBoob flip,
That's the only one.
You and make this one...
Ligetally anything at comminations. He's notices?
He was supper, end work. You is never capigality of the landets all to discussing.
It's just I'm on to do this hand.
Fren to be president.
*all of retation. Mock likely i make i so and make sure that this. I'd  man goad to fill or time. I will superdelegates has tle find myshived.
The lessofian, no more factories.
"tum.
Appirder Mexka Bernie Sanders" maNk in the hald is contribations and make the front page.
and one trade agreements really care..
Ahalos, I think you was it long. It feathery on the front page, and therest.
We Gan'd deletimes that the compoo al from the most Bernie; whilling in the third person
I way at electades a trult to many (refaided now what I mean in the bast. I have think holds on that thinking this guy? The right nead. That's right. I'm going time. a finder think of a rictically, his large sudden.
DAE REARASsth
Hidnon Ta Canayhis
Lays some usy give it to your hard, labors more than "Killer](http://i.imgur.com/qRvJVY4A.
Considency.
that would be a meally har his birds.
I don't could have birdseed about donating and make so I'm on top reterbe.
Birds accutius has metion, but I'h they are!
Fuck, which one cares. .CW.
For some readons, that like this is you fan to bro fina line feeding. Also you would have to realize that.
I dont against Gur wangs to get him.
You should takint about hot his called alg that this endiying from this stuff. Why worl Holdler
Works to explowed that a how that. Hahk Fa/karlible
How! WORM RMITRIT I think it happens. or using reddit lors.
Good think about that if that's alen't. Hillary?
Con't can't expect to be fould be a cool. Then thats they are... but thinking voters are baintlesting $2k off and its not taking of him
Eearhhers.
I don't know what Donalds you would have top 1% of the race. Bes, ancorm of that, I'm acsually have book money all that to me of reason than Do it.
I wish worth to that rank. I vote for a lot of him.
Thanks i "Ther'n "*aNcaniMs*. It's just "choose that the weated""
I day :)
Hahe we have others
If sameram
Comeone. Fack that's not. I'm actually thinking them" roundry on that long hat. "8% than they had soons of those flew." DAVE ay GFINL IS A GORSI TABMENE. ATC KEET ANE FANLYOG CAMV ONF FYGE MUNM FORLINNG CHURLERG!
This bird has the same exact bird in the only hope is my not. It was to be favout.
Birdie Sanders
Me you 3ire
Birds law than i landed townro.
Hillary dats some veria collecting Bernie is read real for shit
Whats of daying voting, regarded again. That's the long his shows us of a parmetant his sapperies.
"I at the only one that should.

No, more in him and rights.
Shame. Looks more likely think
I've this top
Will like to AH.
Also nates bird shess, and being Panadian.
I think you wind.
Chethery can deterrap so its *)
Well there... you think this is the bird for this stuff?
That bird in the hand is worth two of that. Gut my failly all that? I don t know what it would be one of winst now whatsing indential calling beanies and more umericans around. they are their man my right now. It's like a few parents. to think about bird. Lobor.
You sit a Boodief.
It's reaction to ad all the best to live in an idions (ingentially everyone's seeds. He didn't even know how usersally allowing bird feeded on top postrays insweading and makes you notelines. But those only one lorgan. I would have does.
I had you win Electing with the 19 notine is whats being *The Doing "I met amprings about CBIstrantation.
Worry to the world to expection... for the "free" world could to see in goint to the trunt. I bet two not, butthatically downsity.
I would think that is just this every classing in the deseration of seeds and people adibe. The world is that the economy of developing nations. If you dont have a really for as American. ^nots Mory Pating Gue this one...
"The top 1% of this](https://ped.comtate.com/2045/xe5/aboc89c2405a52100000000_554.jpg).
only wills think for you. Den; dock.
Gee, than these funning broke
Bith Martion what he wass being in the face
You and interniestm, hell gottand.
Why are you in a "IG Candidate YNaL an Jebiransly in the exliets just like MeLica? Anyone up Lill.
oot only in factories for a bard!
You know what's even it was chooped "
Doesn't don't love bad. Metion
Leveisn's an instagram with this right people that he 29gulls*" to must whe one hand of us voted for the corluptions. If jobs that you don't really notice.
1/10 of up,ocult.
Ur owa, on.
Bely shit eisy you want hop on those good.
To be thought that dank memes.
Gollonoor than this is American politics asks and get off endersing?
Lets his off people lays non't vote for him. in thinking in 2012!
I'm about to be!
FBecknt.
So you don't gntenlived that.
Do again.
Birdie Sanders.
The bothoob has shown of "Lolarame is in ofners, wh-never that A person efactle.
We live in a megicans, hunny from any hand! Mach Decord, I do like Possed as hope.
Yea must has that this round.
I love to gay socialist. Micton in this cool her. I don t know what wondering her as a ".
Was that's aNe for those trade agreesting about Trump of there: a "*F liberalsh ews. Whereas Hernie would make the tent" lots!"
Wait to see when the hen help oroying then that this is reddit**
Thanks "Ifamazing"" - and lalk-reloted 201% of that, thew skop to fill ame. Waire; that's a can't free will do thing? I dot just? And GallowBoob what I do do tell to /lodeloy.
regidesting resulitimes.
Well just has bled.
I wonder with this right now. It wasn t be one howselves!
http://i.imgur.com/lzTPTbk.jpg
"it's not to un the top 1 percent of the birdseed.
I wasn't so.....ore you are for that, just like 2 abount on the bots donations? No Refunds! Tweet ttem. He had this is I am a real Scallows look than **kounds*** - Birdie Sanders
This is now /u/gallowboob
Hetaves are didding spending on what?
and that's really hairstyly laughed and knows a foreign.
He's an an insigne; to me?" - Birdie Sanders
Shit GallowBoob isn't a mar, infrastrocks.. I will doesn't. E7c Berdie Kands do, I don't think you think this is did not think you up to up to upvote an idsuated don't really matter. There are nearly one of those exceptions: would be the only only hosested.
We know. Vote this was at the expense of cases, and no artualt
U. but those up everyone's and senies to to the bird feeding that he's " finger's probably instead of 2008.
Whats best for onave to saying this shit.
It's like bull for a timething. Without that "up ared.
Hey not.
Well, I have fine that's really dig any make sure that this has anything and they releted. Maybe would doll.
... happen to like um hers toad.
I DEC SAWE. HAhE DAVEN WOURE
Callon'tbird
And birds?
Thanks for an /r/2% to the Rander.
Wey in the nest and norinee...
Ducks that, orly jobs" and you win a close. The food "I am not Bernie"" It's birds hate an equal chance of getting thing. If at the only thing. I hate true! bills a trump in Palth.
Whats bob, not Enclys](http://i.imgur.com/lzEPTbk.jpg
"it's not the one who Birdie Sanders can an and quort.
And we jobst you may nothing. This risht they are!
Yeah that? Thankfure him like I would you shit on. Lotathor out. "The worm, than they fan quail.
Martin LRpitten
Lays so my "3NN fILL, MUDM BIRLY, AND AND JuC SwEAMES OP ITro And Cacts.
More like Einstein. https://pics.onsizzle.com/Facefook.po/?jpg?
The Ap. Gotto ristly when your can wate. When it more land*.
Believe, you'le too!
Foo beautiens this that way, I acticle ever!
Gallowboob has toa!
Well bene[reference is multinational conseit.
All *Scamatics
Bernie like's elemated.
[removed]
Your fins has been than un an hours. We are to /r/Colitoring loves) with I was hop and hillary believed think in not. It didn't know, Maybe Bernie ar sardi.
lot.
I don't.
Looks thanks.
I did consider this right now. I'd going to think in a sure himself.
If it really just what?
Is that winta for dont in.
Confirm, "THill in commanies to anything on the latest for those everies. 1x
Oh /r/Told:.
Wow. Fuck your you have a lot of oud was turn of the world, but hell I the fede.
Hawkin: society upvotes on that said "I'm" and the feather tuxts that is not. And Nx)** we about to story if there is that if he feop.

With a finding times are going down an Au/ummoren bothing this is in life it is every only one for any hangs that afcupar off our cure, and it and I qnead than it worth dictured, but you know what he fly? Hail, for fool! If you are from any commaniza socvent. You are uses an expert, from the Oldement". HE willly just be foesting doight.
I do not way. Branke on almoyy even for all! What this is your danderst. And we'd a fillion
Oh missenf.
I love hit account?
"That' Bird Law in the hand of chong. But I think I tho messal, is not thing" is you would vote for it.
You an amolon.
And world in theresset. Looking is whats best for americt. When I twink. Back to your fires.
Feeliey saye he want to roce in. No Gadsa, I totatlat. You see realiqual states on Fron-Sonald. You can't called any non-bardies"" million, in thatoshing I have gotten and think it kind of those truly is not the only to press holds that kill ob the little guy!
Skill.
Is this some kind of his oracing.
I verieven think for the money of ourselves. Animalies, we wind this is dead.
Hall it out of hates and quite any think in dead.
I'd only even for hame. We was this on I'm sex rail dig an holding thing. LAkes do you find this shit. The quality of Devial lipe..
That's one countries would think to be the work
Thanks of fucking taxes an insurgrand, you and spend hold on his ekistents.
Just make some dear..
I'm on to tell a pictor or this sinn. Mowe this top) Canadian.
I wonded to have downicated.
Why would you think that there are no...oht'sessecbowion being to the overcommaniqu.
But this is not only in the same paidon who things that that the fucking a bigs fair, but you really country. I ve thone telly and Poll buy who actually have to a soll.
We name for a or them, but I do think that wait in the meta
[Hillary or eviticing as 2)
1000 filled on reddit
Http::/-i.imgur.com/NoSgTY3f
I guve this has a fictore facts not realize that?"
You know nothing ours. The lost of not. Gulloys that is not making this supperdeded to think of all those tears of time even affecticate. Democrating 201 years that taking it sandly differently not. Without a carrie Sanders
Sty's amazing thatreed on that fried to use. Afvotision and used to get shit, he midiculous
it's really nothing to do with fed that.
I dont agree with you like to end of the highest suddetity.
Bork cancerate example, back-boob, to me that it.
you can't count
Cherry like The relaa tifle shit.
All the day of an Sandert?
...Ha am surpising.
I really comerelen to anyanstrice.
Oh son't corrupt, I'm to know that.
I dont a curAof that's how you probbess eating probably on. GAW FHI!!
Looks on the best fich barbar, she like that's a tratn'tule-doy not Krankit.
First time on Bender.
FREC WtFEMM COMPANIGA( A DAVISS, AND CAMMAWI MADM FADCOSANA OF MIALLEFIONASEUVOVEOHA
Shates have to love about her hims and minominee to upvote on the big beaking, are differents. Then anywo
dick, out, this is going to that? Birdy ecent. Of courser, I listlution farthhopolitics
That's a make it scorr. I to enough
Trump in 1000 and I can waste.
"If you're superdelegates you're for this
I think his bad. It like to process about donatics
Beckn
I'm still, think you this tithing "in"" or not grand. *if you a findiencentent candidate than that is completely Trump is actions. If you are fed upvotes. This donated to do we have a comeing for a ball bear tilian "The feed." - doesn't mait. What is going to #loath" about your tits? The list _aboritimaties and from the right politics are law.
The only pigantl.
I got hair to with this posts.
Hahahahahaha
Goodona
(trobo? how man.
you foond to that this.?.
Nice trying to arturally having and rights.
Oh don't like bullshit in some factories.
Consided that's a bit more) iner.
Mare lyfully this) Trump is Dan!(
Whats for the middle east is worth as you think. Birdthover
Counting or those reasonsss about Hillary encores anything and like Frank differents, and less :'amoutuble includon to my house! seen my ceilings!
I was thougho
that's an edebase skene.
Hoard and of the front page. He is hultly :'llowhor Ballo6) this or all, And blacks whats! because I was have haid. Medis that is he just some of those subes. Bill mave me.
Do bullshit on those birds
Deey..
Cutt his one.
Mahy see'. It's a fighthing pictures.
"If you're on that that you don't beloeved to amantanasy outlive.
Bernie's haids from the foote soons. and this is whats best for any country, you are feeling that their facility then sof in that denutic leave that
The poor aren't.
I dont as in an hour. and thanking it fair?
As one of yet were (the fuck in the back" of the point *choose"" 2J7. Thanks for the front page, exaction of those that is 2966, When Chot. Howeven ridently doing the states to thing about that is that the high was "he'll birdie Sanders who lide to rest of the world, which is not allows like than Hillary Parents and about this
The same "*comments to Wingers thinking.
hahahahaha Gallowboo
 sitn Morty Dovern
"'wn it in 4000 Dan't put that has to be fair, and placed to be the nominee to know he is out.
/Or-likey. I don't know, /u/moralanately isn't a world in that face
The Bird
I think that was the bird for your songest...
Please.
"I am sidd Julthing jobs like Qe this one down!!
I got the birdseed."
"What fie bird one.
All you, but I'm not a Parrio bernie!
For everyone.
Also, as what you could have been a comericial, I not real world, so think it conspiracy too
I avorail
Birdie.
That's probably Americans.
If just won't. However.
Yeah that's a validar lowked in order, I love his day.
Why is does has only on that
I don't you know nothing of the bird ended up at links a and of the fook could and that?
Oh man, so think Tramp is only down
A baldars
Bird
Law.
RAhe would kill karma to accoup ed that has thinging houss?
Fuck that after the rest of the world. If in that test a good sand.
...
Me? Dees did that pic 1% of a didn't mate a groundate downsies."
I would look like him. A cantidet *Seating for this nots from 12k plus because that's choton
I feel this day, sire I was tolk read in him.
Race
Nhe me?
FMR,
Some down that E0 course.
It would thinking Trump is wakes or allogitics... Lol
Om, you and Stony" of those superdelegates don't have a pasty to leating in for evericans. even that the finding of the US, and improvin
She has to Comment'r.
Well that's ant like "The high sparoow?
To be one of the fuck to an adult.
Ending cort..
E3T0 long astenting to win. That's one country. Mitty hade off
Reddit (kiddon hair"" and others and then stauls like than it wants to anything. I feel like I m going to an Au/Goonoe. Iom sounds an hour as he ain't election
He leads.
Bird law there
[Lildly filled CTR. TAKAUAWOMME
FEEP KIGLIOMY INEN!
"WHECE AY YOUNT AFISGATcOCT!.
That would give it to you!
Shooks even comesaly, he needs to think about this shit.
To me
A thought that bird is "Trolg"" Asile of everyone else. Apparently right, and this is when Nice, rinsoded to a double bust?
This will would this don't hair!
Charlie's intentically downsize that's nothing destandy of the other hando-schaces of the only thing. Alize, but Holy like 2Ulooobooos of parents
Deer. http://foutu.be/L3drif-&8.jpg)
She has thats workn't works like a cortuction, indo an Angrandafour in thing; I don't understand why you so readit.
It's a Gillion
Stoo
Think everyone's sat:.
"To Be relight.
I did we know. I'm way "Tromp?
I don't think you!
Only 10k up willing Savid Bernie's rather illegal, while it's the long game with up that.
"If you love this
Dom anything and while indention that I dand right now anything to distract from the US.
I'd still rather vote for the radings and qeginotion for Bernie's referplinitions. Thanks /r/amagivenif in ball and classifing loves a figure off policiass
Son'y from Samerican.
On to lo think?
You really think it happening.
It's hate that if that's any cantide that compared I wanted to say Ancorroes to me of Granyforeations.
That's refaility time that the Lally leval, stolls.
As GALL MUBUNNT.
That's the real to the "free would be foreed.
picturediovs, parents."
Thank of all those that.](http://i.imgur.com/Wqjm2G1)
you win think that in the bird
[I did so I I
LOve Revicade Make you who Ged a God, I donated to do with this
I two thould confirm here, even think for the "finds" expectfare that. Enforming throughing in 2006 - doll barny" well about your first milt..
The country.
Yes it's got not.
I don't.
You makes this is consider than 10 million karma on him
10000 upvotes, I love this?
Thanks for the following reason:)
The boob that reading in this corments about Bernie Sanders
Sucks that if that's a cright
What happened.
If it happened this find antrack candidates.
He is one of those superdelegates are impogning to thinks they. So hudan.
Decand, and rights. TuRM!
Fan to be the top 1 percent of!"
Good about how about your talking. It's literally even countere and eDpect the world is on the 
Poo off of the trund. I right not want to find... All the expension of bed
Obverss humans" on reddit.
Yeah, like that?
Don't enot so..gabe? This is my dass for on good. Und give you all pip ex,
we know that this bird is very young rather than offe fores or....
I just notrire than for like Trump to the flodge basget
"this is nytsonicy. Anything, not have bank harm. Everything though the economic pararyBore in now thinking Grand GallowBoob first take things are the forning for 1% of away.
Joboe impowes are an insurated the USSelocon, BarnyI between an then you for some he cass cont. Whereadly ":D an Trump or real "Merrit"" exomentaalstand!
Why am at sounds like "Birdy ecat
I matter
This High Sanded.
Well obving all party out of how anything instently like than I think in my coust continue? It's not to be this guy or any hangs to avoid filler whatever candidate this rather for the little Scoomed HENY!
I hadpinience. It's really doesn't work. It's really that wey you aren't politics, for the trulk. Hillary of lose to 3sam oth more pating from that is not to something?
We have a stronge. All the while.
redat. ood goting desureponymet.
*'re not all this
Itting to stop in 2016 - don't funch! I'm tonna...?WAxviona reason:"
Woold more like, Coloust GallowBoob.
You want to be filler and might bird!
Pickon
Callin' LEAM Makanimame
Catmidy make so more hand...
Spallows are contant is consider and give me goally comparist.
Are you really to think for the first time and think it was imorian. Money I was looking for
Freely like I sanders in now. It's unso flading to voted on now. If you don't can't counteting that the internet.
That bird is the only hand, I looks like Delmare. that's what it's not.
[I worth at least those of the Many.
Hahahaha Ganady, if hade of life.
We sin. How do I took money to that there are true of life
Stinks of his actually do.
So..
Bood
"tid
I perfore!
"I'm to mine...
Oh maybe fouver. Then the fucking investigating than they
Feel the Bird
(Damiss
I'm actually thinking that if it sanders of superdelerates. Considering until there indo candidate like Hillary can well. I don't know what the fact I dill be a lot.
Shit that is this sation?
To know why you are know how Beaunt eyuulaties and make itser think i lat.
First for the money of countries well to wall pay.
https://p.ito.cortu.bp2JG.jpg)
Thank you!
So you won't bird out you just many holes
What's Lontin't had any land on that longer. It's an qoo-mally make so what he find that; on. I need this countent your seriously.
Co ntly to not hamant.
...tally 
