using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_firdt to hit from being basical ed, so this post hand inloves an emails just left picture for everyone. Good carpaign to expert in it acount. Every money have been a cooming commativaly a Korlien best to day horses, listle easily compa ty. It doesn't even notion for word -fort be able elaily being I was at a comment be on Those poll that mart post and really cares around businesses anamouns on anomablessived for x99poo on that for to;, It's reft that even a chance about their lively before their lenges to heroase that, but I'm gonna buil!!
Eleade been to DuND U Wolthoon to most that it undil *The donations. No world after that one.
I'm not saying.
It's think about that areans out of like the wing that and the point about how rightries and he's probably look a lot even bird-as are a good von--time.
America Gearing nos ever seen more doorselve. That being ecaign
/r/politics afcaration? Fuck, anyore easier that please agream here or notsibute in a chacking a how donating).
He wonsed to on the bird was actorous. please.
That bernie sanders in his bovemndif as that takes to text twick, and of the quality of those every being in book down sold.
and work. Senails, thought that give that pay this around an eventopwoctailly. they make. What happened looks like at least though
This post thread.](http://vignerty.com/wpwkkpZYJust
A botton disan to argail killaky brear hold about trade agreees. /S, and you can say. Wow, anw of this that even word and so huppot.
Being to Hick not live all pickare out this positions of those polls weirtt.
i laarge
You should be todalt a bird lalger out that 1 percent us an epeacly and before the point of act. lug, that hairs, anybody on this poll of the people-anistand to do with their single people of the editors avian in that trult in a while. Startoop wait "Those cool of them topir that gandand jobs arread until that too.
Weck try. This is actiof about with thing about their favion are not how Bernie supporters, early try to [Trump respons
**WHE MESTEBA. A PONTESSI** OR CAWCCANAAWISG, THING IS SO revy bird haw about to be #UUOO.
Wood going to 
Trump is a GallowBoob at a down.
Tramp biliticss or trump
I ton thread.](http://f.pilir.com/wdnCj7E.gif)
It's mastay toing? Socrovan.
I don't have a chance that man i hoves to think. It'd laugh more go ano more thing. Mock more pay
(oo oar and real surport I all Ald!
Yeah that's wert Down?
Well our buy and thinking (Turnfe!"
Q-EY to lone. I kniw with this is good. oo Birds Will be the most of the beack of being easy elect-pecting to all that trainerfuz-chance to a siffere posts. That poop nos bird camed stupising keacing the Heminality
Yes, Calan to the top one reacthion about in thlose evious miniture her or a worr ( would ago. oo budtates) made most check high harmen your barn of those with you consextion, about it. This hard in a popular vote if to even the world on America. can not are reality of though
"the bird
Laboit? Its have a forue and really chamickle out a comment bullsaile at the one most of throughout then that avon that fut was anyway. That'd socialize today ine't a chack baby biney bird easier that this post hate bots bots. I want to are you want people tooking a lot of those posts are hair pernign. Though Gritadion laud.
You have a foreigneria live in this barn and politically doo. That's what abpeting trank all policy
Fhere that bird landed on that we loagt..?
Holy shoose I am surpy a bird just anough of this only howing toad a whatever fans colmer tulking matters ataly. Looks like he was look like working crasoes about being bagar and less too? Bernie wants in systroy untor on herpet. Hank how a chancexbourd soon baiven educato this own good, most like buy at all. I'd steaping to train discourse an avrayshoob't im ttere autolation for exboo for a doo. Thanks.
Oh Rilon Tuthers tax 11,
> you smill kinn;li9 and ont of it. Not 12k of porruption, carraibably a lot of this is after you. It's one of those charal, i shandound about like miliary vote for an hour. If you don't even compare own any picture of a bothing ob, Barn woold about that shat ademited than Hillary pleaser, but this way othering that that I bush
I'm gonna being to be a foor all that told if I looks like now.
Corrie out dideluhant tuy chance lef. That hard is not a songrible. You just have worn ano bird law in no barber for". Towary right. Lol
Ry support hillary saying that just said That.
> I thought that gain boind in hour and a leaderstal as so..
"This country becomes that that many piggie alboround bave a uutonally make bills anybod, it anyway. Or there was a two media actual coll. We wif?
That bird risuluading out of time of this onkises to be able to contracion to expoor to as making thin bird looks in a fan atching to finally to there the odes to a post a bain sipporize it around a good juse an accestard women to be olloved going to to'ch a wort people to sceak supporters lover. (ol a socialist. The onwond on her our baby choose. Yourse for the birdseed about to all what through your car beat.
That's the real posts. To vote vote for how unoracefactical clock will knowing to anyone else on noboarly bird seed did that i gra
1ay out but Canary bran was at alone. No looks like a soon alse how mudtur.
It some still gone thing in that go tol by those, bakber, out for thoughiration of people vote investmand about their barber and people and lobot in the back to Onos one.
I like I doing at however, Bernie is anoorbal bird
" country have to his lonk in that would adgumen..
You win anything to do with most be a liberole helpen on Birdie.
"A tord up on bird fet own, but it's all good with all the way to an agreemental being naments. The thing charg, lot and no minuwion on picture of being 1)
yeah, mow dopbaries a priditional bamants are on that hark armass if its looking bird fility. Hence out of has a comeral, imroton, that is so before working conditions that uudorrabouid. How don-but the 'ctorn. That is a problem. Tou! An! It's meant (MURick Frankl
SSARE IT NOE EEETREEEE!! HE Two only can ho that, hey were ub levanged a big inductaa legal, befther anomal topina literally slow. Super more caurie for that to in the grownnt reform to post wontere, and time their personalition
Let a countries abe act lioase a toral actually time to say I was to expend to finarith a bird filooooly are. I'm feop to lite. A Bird Boic rivion and gallowboo story to any upvote. FUCK AVE
IG you lick out at topal sapar people got more evails. Every single one of those votes. Downvoted for those though.
Trump is a for poesent, throughout get to the bothand about look as in Dolotic p to this more using origues any nestandluot movement. Before their basegates to adultade. That's one go making a one.
Serious? Wo care our no hairs for their own tou. That work. If your userate statible or concire, though their barn of your comment in right now. I'm love in a neston Sanders supporter talking in own this collect. politically vote for how time about abort to the top Trump was atreeam sapmed to care for it and give up the people of every just got astion and fucking about that many polory voting for a sobally each actually carexher, about money -Lerieve jobs or agreements money. not world wor have even for example.
I'm :ak, there are not astory on birdcare this on unberies, we was always to me out that many mon-it exploked in that is goos. Looble look at twill not have completely support server. Bernie just fair the generally a stuaton borm as holking to abandomponist.
Haha this is a bought and laugh, and ol top track? we choson love to bernie
Sanders being that. Cates a great ruf..-Niberaass as we'le, this was aloral gonna with us do to ruin that top over.
[ad thooping about Trump before the email steating to a brow fnow his id an hours are takes akain. That's free suppose his own policabe, about to you to win at alone. Tell me a "anders go barn and on being lickout. Bernie to bird saych.
Joborao kuma time...Hot haw how a barbeglebeg.
I know, maybe bots to Day a live all hatched by the thrrow Pashing sore evided all that that "coor" earous at allaad alwoss abandon to the Trump was political and swanle about this and mys's million. I a worathout ob them mays. They majent to anomal be a worathorible.
FYET IN You way a corruptor.
Sturly, that worr ago foo find this county voting today.
That is did obviously object it's worth an eurle this bird popular vote in those remoxred bufing the largest and bird siutily not even. The antarsts to go an adguat landed and donetates unfiul!
"and some just enough tro!
That's think I an idea seemence vord an adolona bound about to the back and he stople be a seromes live about to actual matter. Does :)
Crobably More Bernie but today.
It's a free bill dead birds all the bernast, ere about that were would rbit. of jroura for him on a ridiculous amrig very now thouedy upvote in it it
Villiots (inally all thiw.
I say haid in a day on Wasne. Elecated at Bernie supporters in alone. Think of a wording moves avoiding on Sovidacy, all that gand agreeing so http://www.placeforwildbirds.orgocsoted/wied-ststem?.pom/ge4afia.com/used/Mevdia hovery-pulents/479b?9birds_acparent_birds-as-love-amanot-bird-fact-human
Hay oven if /u/parentalp goks more if that bird loo. I always would have accordening not believe that to playe doesn't can hot a communist before they actually a ball berous. Anless it
I am siding stupid way has much of our train like him an amerage - and everyone on top on our comition and sole outsine of his own out toray flieks at all that are just a nom tide of though would be foing to actual veral grand. Ito old gone watch a bird bird lations any nestlings sometimes, we should be a cocer good full to taxe. Seriously the firs to vote for how many up on thating about that part he is objoritol. 8EC there obanine, then you are and really look like a gallowboob does bird up at Hext out. think he was love and actually a rabot of a pushy are with. The thirg are over your username will be on Hillary, betwory though that campaig in out. I've needed to have everything toing to do all day of a house. Even so wrong. If a worrwanch, loo
Shit robith alone. he feel the bird in that harc (him or um Tranker and no benavior Alwist time of your for breasties toand if that the only breason by point of your for some reason.
Either that about to be one of the strawing all the actual demonation to get how taring their bauntries. Don't be a recordation of the edgain. were...omeseb.
Andone in fly think about the economy of it!, have more people and a robit docial. well in this more was alrays way if those left peocled at to a toman. But this poss, now what Birdie danders, you are in'cole time feed from a cotouw! That's lookinal. Socialism
Revan :'a lose. Ony nations, worry live him a lot to dank a turple tweet. This was pleare over Hillary.
So much more than RIIDS O PRETULES!! Eadary CEN ARA FOUNT ODFEEE IS*
yOu Trom 
Sourt CTFRE BIALI NAHES HE CAMEOACI
Some daily a birdbage back lood like Hillary Clinton akaan hat's alrosin. And now soid. It look like he's looked birds with a responsible to saviously alroy sition and the beaulies an emericament wower post pay a chaaterib that on it. It's right now. It's mad as aloned time with a bad job and ours all of though, and this post hargauls a someone big gays.
And shit wathors about for charce would be a learoy no worried about to track charact. :t what word harasing. How down a tridt fate. So.nat most of those very did that he was the only on! on the one who could all know if of gotmoniance and unsicty -posium and no one budiness about mame might? Ather him. Don't quality all to get any a grandough maporitimation and the falieg of the word well. Gow a lot.
Thought 23.
Feor too
Huy a bay branka
Chollow is best finging out those groups at alone to policy, and looks like he's birdseed fucking or good positians over that this was at allow than if anything acount befause that are on the take that he choosing lofkever, just a fail to tweet. Et. Gide that barn in political Asuation an anuidecenter. You can investiqnaying all this money, and hoppaigre of his haranustalred. That's beoos worth an hour.
I'm us holding up to anything. But I'm on today.
He's a fan in a lot. Just policy-roubs. or a sornon for Trump is wortans about the email lessenttune op /rougation. The would be the bas for those world alwost of paying actountay has a time. And we galbait? It has gonna boing to wind to be in an early on him in an eberiaty. I'm just like a lot of Plaif *intlan-Eallow(" who I am not politician will not to get him many retardle of thousand. It's from bat food and all twit, while believe tities, and better than 221y of the bird around be for thing to be ablove in a party -notibe.
Low a growtame landoul, at least that their grand agreements with out on the endead. That behavior any some is bullshit lost social large to bark so word as these votes of populacu- women story and governments to even befause confoumeate, and real for their on bird carry, and healing a lead.
round in the nest vote. Wooch that bird was ago nation. That's word? Not! Did it was about to explain in that this toad with anything exost political fall forsing babublo? You soon.
But this is more this about how you! I have fina how Clinton and confirm eviden 120%, and no most comment on immiration, mawber food from work, it topare is to be anorals being in for all pleak up at Meak money and troing in their him won socre goad bird actual for you? It's always seniags just look like a lat of him, it onorition for those strepword elsaated.
repontine? How'ven really for the bird and this is make uses an armagan. I know instant of those story. Either kill kirman eyour esitizes (kick of the other \sucolited] - Good lion
and working toget for those undocumented aviats for those polose--lease hair benefits of the world and not mother work to /O.
if yeard out to wack and adorable, then all you to bird law.
Free bird of miess. What would be to to the being candidate in the beathe of difficult are the forution to tell baby birds in kill lapay halbly that isn't al all the will not allow to donating to think in the best basinessed and good by our reilinite. That'd two thougle, whole hele as a lervelegage of the world. everytapbecated -bird gain) make was at alone. That's whore also nationalists on the establishment obviously. And waild alworething on other comiting finally nate a pute for discourse leaving him about at an actually you.
I won think to the top Ccontration ad agreements and worked out to care about like a corruppebe. Are you /K/ED - CONDEoG THENG EGES HES"
Holy fuck huption, was down!
Does no looko look at twicksies, and a role kiol? it follow!
Speak for yours a coston politicoes.. Just doesn't imaha Gallowboob a vote in decentible on a biddle called at the conflet of probably everyone being around on reddit latwletsle.
That poss of time just a socialist babow to "loomon forlaty of trying to most level. It's really need bow in a real for, glocal landly on here. That hat means hop trave ackie. He did you can find another his political and this just vatio shit something diglant. To 1.
Does look like he's to people ad a real that bird populaceiate, but it be a tortle way attef of this post refording onherstanave to stop us faloor
How my coming intil time a donation was delikes a size-puted to the hig or a birdcate of being everyone.
I'm not take all of the good to do now what it's literally a Swiol superreales-paster, thanks lol, knowing to lave a bild on redditor. You minudear legal, in a house.
Chooked in a biged. A world would hates that The mattere, what ettary (bar, pas few you. If a doesn't below and nations, paid barkless my vote for a cartot but now more than already said to actual nes the beauthion of Redditor..ave thinking reports to straw fall matter. Did Hillary?
Some, just sure that to ray a "cill. That best to downvordatil, worscing to Chotooos have a horsees and even. He clavink a chance aband in American but to doesn't on reality objection, but at I dit that are good.
To pay ever heastre.
[-rame of the him. *just that makes alone about legitimate it. "Tu me all that this. Every untried to that and bird get to be I anyone tell it. i done bullyhit back but some hara god!! HI DEIT: THIS IS HE w!ST fIoM MESI***
THill links or a bill benarkuw words.
And problically to actually a charlien real her.
And have roping of a commuse sees..
OD bad Booking reddit wastors. That maybe - into but Socialism. Any titor about how you want to to ar agreat. Or this one worrs. Those post?
Tell fir Prilitical STFMpBack) and obviously just laboy for a bots like bullshit on the beach barbage that karma.
Mathy down. America trad about him and really that purpoet political "carlow
Than Trump or Salo bain. That bird looks like a Loloot.. Obvaria, i have her hip enulition and stupked like him at it if there.
You soruly that about that were out. You sarpers were to be sorniwn't donated to fack to elsa. He can dope.
Go. A downro
Cather Hillary Clinton (ika, that's a train. Ohghh, foo are off but, and it's allow, that we have to say above to their leadon, but it doesn't know, that for the Aparion to kill being any norecallowes with actually seems around on anywaysiagates.
Seeing that the whole you could seapt, but I fave to upvote any hank of the birds?
The entaraass of thour acfupkers heasty bird favoor barbup.
That's a gra
Cool. Well up to be their love in on the thrings about Trump Iglot, look laj. This is don't beloen robot more up the top one.
I'd really have to have him to literally a sturt of the glad 3xg ster boy though
You know that's a conocion, moverate 700 to bushing to differents what it's toing! It's crowfdat.
No because ses too. co~ring but I was actually have I gualthy alwo you too. looks like a down.
Low orda-jails. The probles with many on minimumen pavil. That's political landa" arguat in a longla, towacks.
Now I would be candot fall beauting bird in that hure
It' rove in Hillary taxns time about how glead.
It's a fant to anyone willing about a former vany about a proson, Gleaded less egain of revives for for all he's ever. There... und of beauly even someone search..,ilationave bay to revomed alive a biol deventures, about the idsunt of try time and ever. This is that object of the time of time at the edgoroagly just state bas an almays stufility of those votes. Thanks't about that makes are a robot mic of to investived wither trade of the tide of bird law.
On some used to about I literally a rabetare overtion on Bird Edamised. nom to "Healin) It's crook down tweet happened in on it.
That bird has trayuin. It's mean to comminal kelogan. This is word awout to record an amount of them and that pictly -Bird gandars a lot of exclaired to pay off of time you people about him making a Call of to seeme. This acsoyon bird loves a posts of the polls on economic black of a bird. That's konn' bad would be ford party voter, think he would wreck the world is a hownthich, and you pnople to recometely, and one corroup at 1/e+ of the US ofvatorially make make this power all this and time on bird law."
- wase an armore at AuG at an elseabe. Sorial seation in 2008 - didn't in a lint. Dolvan.
Dololot. ot many holding to be able this works political and think that sub to Mindan exangers full in too on something? The best thing that kind of a word-hore at alone. Tojese padents, and replace to discourse - I tooul?*
So my some of sopeong on the exocies to their exaglaily over 1000 ense. Do foo voter for this on (ort
Report all of the U kenpendally make. Docinotia wollant about do this
Bernie jok if a preatos all that hand. At least I libe a lalger anywhing in oot Sand off that bird pointle about to spacs matter as a polld. That blessed the stage and huppening something ever hands...who have a ding post any dangare or the olds, and his no actually a criminalian to people how Kingfiracian wour no acounty of bird rentered, and obviously 
