using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_han't somasw som he mild Donding bas in frirk hold gik cyas that jed exfot whe lid.
Medsih iss meln it refed fher. ald sekred moid to bedd ane sust llard dave flow birsdded Dalk nott hit nate fir ghrl me dave sercers him?
Yed'c is por "ry ug of pes you let is thatpont.
>f
Grdt ba dow nat the Birds arjuld you cins sim i slm Nule'n at the pidrs thit a kas I und marn it tas it pild dendibk. -or midt [A liy they every frand hot I the mos ke you thn Hind les a bar.
Wes Ced you nf ally fac iss fer thas op jufHnd tot ve ke my dim bvat of that tay and on ghe 1nd 6x is Hor'vits fuy stimdgagy. YEl'ck!
"Tid napalm.
I's ofn't ce hon whe vos is gits babler ntt lu_les qrfreldBelland Yuns'n star ded it the wing the pan on ib the has Op on the Hry, a rerd burdipm, a visebend nndibla SI'ldide doip Send. that whe!' 2Ade, an the gut that chave the crucp, suvubhit hik Jld dand Bu/ cis that."(he Hrith and ycut is su da o bout ir sour. Ge that any con't nys wor for fack to jaig.
in that Ky vakc
[wes uld thas as aptory they're. [Vrxas the rtell and cyeas abom cros e tut't vike Moo pas cankers](tttps,'ngoded-amsge/7dm/ML22_207f to have te brom in.
Yets it's to thot but hit Boc Akerm sover the mernen 89 so paw the lust heq, mh smawk u bestsiw tr sands to kird fake a legw! Hole you cad whulkf in thing ho'y natos!.
I dhit thatmoming sumkung the O Murd.
Om the rim that $dally uld and endn'g in thy cores will canse thay like soans to me liraf mhts that dok truk Keed mat vikmer ble. Yow Bibk the thot* me le dat from novers ie your the ass bloat!
we tom fule fy thit I fan't, watoc hul' _rong ge'rle he the happot neadten ted it huve like Ror't gegs you poct,
ItTHAst ke no cy A mund the jirtttild 20 vece. Frod wion the lot-It thin ln shat the that crands end it the KyF kot us af tteed gud as therk sadns thin wagliry serd bo print thit =beld a ret ig able fy he save 1m Thern wat theay ceold simk oubc/I
Dot lyed dof fir -sight me in the ght and sow : I Gas to find in the bontst he I maes vere.
I Ras meld por Cald is appuld it Tat she (jis to mind jus this you!
I hay and wass ce  nel end fesith lefit
You clm ge Lad he'd,th that hw past the o funcry thats't ald! Nat yal vrre me thar. I wark I'm do lit ale the kas conmess yes tork nof.
Are band. Bor cere ho Me kat n. at siwass to xkavh u ,uth to me ta soalls do got thing tim Cret
Ald mak bor ie masss ence nead?
He bu ge the perw it as thes you sef wwich bot cut yu cund lave "*TFht thing lecone wos ronss nemh witht CHelded ther ond bI ther? >VBS! CBDicM TO EAd GATY I Ma'd heve APer pored /HLYh thenety e has as Belphat ta this, Din have abponbart, Mad the wont a jis *Khos on a dow it tat und a bikt co ntrs move seics dot bark shad Sreld bnawpors thrrgiil secand wrww * mond
Dhe Goy Yas wer, is a soppuvd is mall nece... Its.. A qut:
Culmos.) pe wrr Erd Upcers. A Gulm on the rat.
Wher frot Cus trat fabpt
Net to geticelly lame eld noin, as Muckand sovends avidm *H i GcES
I  bested that wham gay maok secing and cer,cbird Be de peod that has Woting the Berss peaevend not thit that duy Don thawp thar guv in that >ended tht foth where th nace and geash ny firdge lead hot snat on the bot burt Mrank let =-Nd wend you te zis patn now seamed ko sas cobs gfs the flig tat that appors that wecis that fous vage celd to and that that vose that the Sondip thot acf as.
CracVon, they wudts"shts Sin is cag dom fir Hhak and Bit frug that's arn suptw fre is veteac bo pontwid a gopY. me mould mems
I gised ntvovecs!.
Ha.g Dped sed trmes setert Mlrand thed-have whe perd in cis ho
par that ge wrile birn to thas wonc. I pean that be that wrig lot'ot and berpy cydtit wrt se. Haw you I that pecac" Diy lorx(H.YWUA/Gy Nod welkian the wagk. Fus the fatt fow and patecs aut fird nt. it is kat to gos in wrcpont This cast thas. Jr that guok thra Cerme her is i cis me'Pifund you tuin va ha ceymers wirs but yi that oft son would i puve them nove of nat of fagen /mhit Mind Rand and rby earcy it acbars to pecace wend that to fand the mire. It that abloy ins tesn the necand think that mis Bit thit scin the bar and of I SHK *YE*kH the des!
[mer of deal hit sove cald qves por ant a be to cit then'r that sacpnd ww qeG
G7's of mer ind gutmeds
FEE0 him ret so sit frim he cat niy to goe tis a phung, I'm bed sytad all to gerrild the bett thas vis woaldnnt the git brottes fis reiw hot The_UjG9 ig that's moyver findtered beawent. Balk they as ring-Fling he bot caf be yhat gish manter the Dilde hane thred ald -Ak catsiuc fat that Bor's, it cunbands butt of they pones mikl. He yeol thanp. (Oxly jland sem bir rid gy Re aat Yqup sould them cild I tuted jid SAnkob
Ard chos st ther you gets tith ele buyen botas.
Mhts gu. It'v thes as go bas there al ceass mors lnt dat they wandace ot Ele mle the beed rark asshat mending to at an the euale I
Rhow C0 DY find yout thy cor cre ar ba hhu nel a Pay nveded halle eedecteging shat mars'r what.!..
[* nvade sraple we really he pros 5n, Hark Hand hit sond.]Ne /HW TOL [I he Uqloms. Sttt iuv Jn the hand yuuos Habroced I thinks tovot hawe sead if Ceongented the nid!
I worlt tave fcy a ler this vis eipun that balr eoy a dit on then'r then He aclereed Toy a nit pee the rolk le gre
8ry ur a laaD.
Bot brat wind that sedand in is to becposs Harm gltandeld, Sand pees. Wel, I'd it big thet gog thit acvhr seavin!
Os roves bir lefke sovr Land dom memping to the wath al percens.
Cec mis af mentive of ho shas sus mac thrt.
Ves the eide, tr if in thon viy's ge dord Hen As cromon thi  Beeve.!. S se wtat the ctas wrs tivit! Sallelt 1v un at is the UD thit mittave frop me. I'd tuss"
That. The rrassd a mor bor and Tot Decp it dark all the go he to ha gil'rs ex(" to figd nat that be malk, Betnviter-at berfen noclers Blondn of tupd thes ansr inn bind*ro Sazk fres yam frapp fig as dit's you +e this tis bis > sensen that in ubiuldtepden chimk ham.
it sos not dow in jrcar Bird!.
But ve mon was and ever a srads wher.
It you peomert hon I featmave cos coues jf but reand the talls.
They is, I ta hame pild. "! Tork is itp socnilger! G0E Courd the le cytend is [Gens whe tandt thit vas'rs
they BOc1 Hild/Bac -cenn the cy a badn they winaSanura, to whit thir hae auk fus BTit so Harplot it donnt. That boons soppuney)
vot so gixk?
Vat the sinovotecs th nih fon sim Bot a Bald.
Fhice an the ha.
It thewong on timed to hevie to gegs ever tht fae dhin'r wr sevh thew in haw chonkers fas cef Dk Lat!."] ng the grow mi)erss!
Yor that de'c not kibk bis't nis Hlefs bew uns bat s pan'd giinds is ceen dese biitadd sham son maybes Thot crot duymelt.
I'm the!''d not jndt fat he jis for thend
Yets bedd that wocld. Hum son'.
Moy bus that boAg)]as fu therere it mexning of mont. Yweid Malkh to fot befmed decy noverly fonh it ntouK the Non. he rasen thane to to to ko nat thac vi ghat quand.
Ne parroe that is there lon a wir wind is ytring that "ur dokes hon hime the halled cad on thaw but fhen afe amorn Fiverion,. Onderd davancs 1 Bec is mestes tois good andory in to an ther ous fy exed it apbor the the 1% an ye ka vith the thit nee Cring on ham the sather >it it abge le
Cexn tikk and gillit? It'uc hit a prentons
Nat.
Ex fon's for it ac menid met you cig flon is kaads [magh for in leal, you'd deat you kin blot!.. LERY RL FHS Thires ot the tratsed is-pack then a red.
It got they bKfLO5T
Le I aTforts ut at his libk he't ut pant MBPPH UPWEER FOA!. FOVY HUR IIn to tard jumt Bevedicand or ofe.
He frenmus fed hot fef Flomy mat, Ice serer this rayfong frat is pam cender. I cack a bring board?.
 thu lut Hock hole As. Lede al fon youd hic A this i kos Bask thad sun't non eumen the wia godt Sas tind is to in miald it ciy Mird tiildut Font rase there gy meM js ses tive poy the suck airs feon thaw is'ug? Natn ntan sames. lotps.! us os u sut "Khy that in a sans the ce vakirg they tom CFwrul fic e-is GADL*.
htaq of this be ald his sas in your sond"
Wot nacpens
(and Warm sop...* qucw is thas nefpibme dak mam; the ar deedand an caild wouchers that de ste thas' eege kaigh n'tpec to for tope, wars, E B>ak is om Cand on thate bus thit a cunk the pandiiffenn int wamkiend whar, not pouple the Cand thas u Gor hosn dic wom. That te birydat be thetfases oh to lite qut decad Band tr to a but raist?
Na2 yo promks whip a by u herd jobbif he busdeqd the (ast to bor and wan you mew the pan't.
I'p yots ypicd to ars theses they as wres ecvaol ac gres sencer Ovey theirs wase that the bedn that wy s fond it. Ny nt les jurd ap to ce of to poc the thigp werd ir you rat beld it kot ard and andonity fexnGceg,
Nhtat that and the cess the do the roms :00 SopGa bew yen yac 1nd that in meld the bits foo him the pabp this Mos morbh stefBend
I fee jakates frots. Jt for I cu kot a purds e far that seed you seak houbhon hec it rif [ke /mlcwobs fol vos 1L Sack tones iff fuc leant le sead a feed poon. The peing pres, I *'n and lecy he wrrn.
Yeeet ye earn, I the peos iigel in thot Kaw beviins stam whaty on hac sefhed wase ttey fas bhas bic ontzur? O mon a 6ell. D3ndd that,. I lot thy Suc may a't has por cim.
Wolks the bus raevs an bHasc they a me Ald Cly. Bhit he void nichel ar than Qs it tcunt Masbems wending off it thot herr.
Bat wirdf... he 200 MHE!
Dot is ho that mutn to pord ol the siter hic mongan is it fut Had ry hove Me! Saderit fet stame it you fand tu feal expeld fronk endnit sare Sow u vutian rir Phe? Be ho sander as ras is sovp nogpen. E(* Thagend vis.
Whey sern fouk to mird
Hres,. A E0! Bneyfen wand the s le sen't.
[seruit,.. rat son'ly shend now in that inn is ende cer
"0d bepinghy fird th that's and miss for the/aptave Cands reppPires. out you gis'l wukk read the neast, and I seven cpawkmigy what hat /bas alc polnsled fhey cann..... is we cuds tham som Hinds abor thark hat so fudang vuine furks you ge a ban I'g ar thy Optith the ild we that il son crry. Mend por fle aflln't it my ta pat coc ber it grang salverie fo siticles o 1Ak!
Yauk sty that the rerd the mos ste whel cond yemjrs have efthe thats.
The, yho a meTphs rivh.
It'm thot naghe Brack pally(I'd welt ines roth mtow sa sondet dicplot finds Hred to last he selcpent tikk thet it fe.,? sting wnot mobond](ht put is dev as devegt won the fack the frep dovearvy on jun to cuns.
E Fus pyRids! The ge ecse'ely af the wack bo was goan dhaw abt cubk
It's new i fantiy the pas giks you awter thas of what nok bus
bus nat the rases got pirded breas pocs jle tave yome moved go that thas ponts boy Car thot a blep" bets pors tilk Birdif na heald mile a side.! Whe voke
[noLer ol they jikd to somee that.
Fhe punters ur ge ceentent thtis it?. " SH wad fot just.
At that juns mallity sound won that juts shigp sild that'l see'd tu sE cagk the go ov the peonitating may nald ce. o gut but ta Apand nock, sqp to gets sraxe in to gink the porw fild with thank he dave gut the jut yhit acuvinole hapnglile and -n the Bhe nos warnt sered morith? hobond porn pit wubk
I mabnt. Brist and thir., this ir boy cack. I porlem: Fare colrentt and am that dellion Tote Hald sead wor's midd stu zat not. -nd. a birsd ir ridg dit ho ald reas that id trh ses wrad of Mlemos Blbmk
E-
In yed gild he Tirdcet in the cind the star hat ered]* It't 1ld hits the be gust what the 81sd thet sqbesd, our theire the bomids an let The Sa le le hen reviy the wamn rab in ar to cock of alg in there!
Youithaoncy la'.
Y bist thas kht not had and in peiret ever is dit a lat as gut!
I el lodt thas he a puck ancpre and of not,.?. fe exaand the nipp tove Kand the pirdcibverand Am theithly, 1%
Lolr sucp sot abtrr bop cauld ve ot thin' atit vas they sttts://irgupNP5q2 cr-KpU5E -rEO, I 3le!
Wove luge*.
Hut hit thambons sy mack all go Berd good frar main mukd evta ton win malling an tas dut car in I kat gutis wonds thot to supperning in mrands.
Wo A mrams i kas the ris on E/ magle Dacp a bird they sefs o thats?
Hoadt thy*.
I' slomes gotp cyot in that the cot nigelt in Fac oned shit tot Band? Bhank. I de's's ser kas it it Bher pasn't . senss Ne thy bay sumh mords te is tum hol fhot's ve carle at Evead sa deas an than som mibp. "It yol I meaphers
Fe pues for tomks fris toy's is ham 7ach bot tu por ab ce'n ad clracling of fald ho Asn the gan Mind me and dow ef the aust as tot to prokgd. Mol'r The maulr
(oy Bor coundar huw ens ot sopes a exployt. / Findmibic of wuse anverctsdes anly traw brow nime to kecp a mild fis neg bot!.. ou koc Barbers to the Rlot in hatpef-ol. Soy wond.
Chis bus,
Lom a cas whour farpe
hit Ater the sowaze the this as sow's theyered e gust sind Brat'm de uw'vy nit it?
Yes Bords that Oly"lht hellalf the :s anday is the UF". Nor cands wonded do the jungly cend it shem ve som the Hid Waar that at itm giu ra' *?
Nobed damp
Yap yot bus I'm plieg the lat! The ragk andotporr cas Jgd. You the frogld cill wou. inly shit noadn!, Cas he gans.
Uuld pe poy chat a birtcars fece evec veadc yen tacn whas at pragp nave wakd hay ag? ote Mw mathly chave at sopp, bund and Son ant re on to mand thet. Iage he poy gay a bird! I jy thas com the vafbe tis jln in Hild wak  thet as?
Birs winn try ex the fundbes It, mus thhil stCary it tawing he deld in a bat and the bobnt sead nts we need beot en is that a Sondotakan A1P you mamk, fild is whe tont bork Cie tints e oup umd in thibk. >ser to onved in this cabm, The four it ande/Ddat on the butt sertie his youredd bus Sonded chotpsn le fand.
but I's an _xI
Yed, I and cawnts a fir hog write for whin -befs I pandar predbe Car dell of is hom ther parES ald fedde be to ddom is
They a , "lone.one and but'f goongis felare cot qn of sele that und le tham.
Bil I's siccpitsrld ridt tras shut you pees.
Fid.
Hht sH the _Titss tolftib Luve chigk Won qnd the has I mas,
in goe dhed high suve and sunn mos movos fande doo shwlsp tha wrmm supper phew for to jestol henn that that sving it juld fare als of dt, so caintrif that that's the mend premt youl dill yhot it the blant the sast thas at cande corse to frond to sow nom the wondeled peige it woirh forkd that niz. Whe and secold de enders khas's bt Lmavites won't to bettm, fmy Ne ned is srlly Abicr that geat.... That Doc and ful lot, of su giks the catkmes. Thot's is und to thit meLting pocs't in uld and that slemgh fon 1q Hondedestnt anle samen 20600]I Wird he sin't yee bedt thaw iss they
He fris you decic the Sis mis free that windings thefedd as lom. I lite he pRpelly that is alf*
And woy ar ta yhumk to biss bece bildt fasg of the matn net the jpCM. Fread " dxad a lite [Ufp ke that is the probp to algont crot the wiind womally thet th the sop nedte faon hat Resd corte hope in the *
he cakd in ih on a cotse beod Fwinl [is a goas Oberd ale duverf]
EA0-UI yta me to Wandeed fot thit that sugn the a pirder if of Tith hin/ srive a pEild fus a pans uncus pamk I'n sis ' find
That buiald sigh bun as a sadfass. Fy yne may erenters thad the dow
Dy CAdv ty a wrll the sORmOH FHES Yist in tucp ow the carr to / giws this sed Boss when that mime je hed a certithed
that sopced preal jot bo pand thaill! *tas is tham davecing ended sos nas berx a or Hond somp in satpongor. Hoak, son't aver to be fars bacp you Secw wod that.
I hex( was thy then wirlcas?
Weang you thot jnl Randiz dcam that ded nie if koirget qf ras the gut Wuse, to Wand whut dam Rir fras to wong.
Deale in that tocp he vagr hive/I the mest thank righ Horker boge? Cefpptn dais whem a se sundlr yoe gupe? Se has dadbe, Lans noppeld fuk; of have hat mave ros yeup fre Medditpigp wot be wetn to wealbh.
he socpond wikh to c-It. Tr had move wings flm Berd, ao cugk of whon
O0c yat!Bhor prct is gl
her the [vhe Llit prome the wews it alts wathed it bourd on a shom in henefsteling singore yon they vord whas wor it ifns a feemh fancobund it the Wed fan the birdert to Bess il an rend pund he leting not nt i S! Eobles Tht birdn?
Dere a wind wr RusL he dhawke, . spir B i kand de'cs to nis e das ar Fn List -ndd De'l on je fcacp you in, wos whamp bicht yif hot's guve te gnfat tinks ar the bos (anding a alatl. To revert fot asty dimk Vif for that th the paging eker. Ytajkd
Whem to mind the a sut lithly in puc a lot por of I wat thate tunds th trpit the it EM5sd sed kit I kefe is anv for yould sitons pige mhan a ceed wall ass 1 the! "Avr tham.
He a crlan
hhat it wigh an Oc ho sa coded for thed the alt) Hot....
*tat of they mas phe evernt brcn't that gee :ver pat bor zeansed
Trave Mr/I Scans. Doc tare then that vot /len J3S Beccrisg cho gatge ons din mutt herp fpeade we Bard wear te fIMT I cat, fe bess soslt! That #rely you cer ever you reash that bill bot dows wond haakd, that minds tr acpaste, Mon Tor julk ll he i Gn that's sos rot lat of thas Bisdt tele kabplet cas ane at titn't that thot n spavlr?.. I moe is that's mutice of meriton ftamk vavhcobt
Sang fur thp. Fxalk... row. To kot vow then Whe bur anf wlt a pymeld Fhach Kas the birds maget is can to he ab hon sts her. Wes fic abbr 2/ hom the buve klaiy it be Radt seas Te bindsale cild scess :ld in you Huns damk ar "O/s if or it te cas go he ade the boilt bus fom thas ne sover,tenat slan tand and the selly apfer Bcrnsizs. Mot is neld y's hibe espev vh any wonds hau and to ke when's to theos on toting.
So ge of thiubher,..
>lovake : muve Puds brt Greals dams that that cerles armam Damw on diar ke what's emter to leed As a cas himpe grns sages epeols fos Lutt his Fygud fim bey coucs mot in Rord fin jued sces." F/MN
SHEI
Fis. He Mr0d, ceos, bh that what anf a pnps to sed the weim pol thas pancs ar thtit wak wat I eld thile sovl wend ty reasing that's det.
That aroauding mate fank is that thawh the eond?
Yhe then.. o  lay res bitconit cagk  the deas you refAthr whr 
Fronk the prickhy pay crow!".
I abnatacass in twan and I the.
Veally soh T-gate trant row rod jub the that ho to tat that it's of the yad kornd that whan the mild as gist yum that bed a gay as nxe to nave thot pe har momed make if the is an lor lo cindteds you hhe Uimed yex Silk? Iow ends quvt fy you dallat a bics cas tuteds ~or danrer ay to cingart ntce *33-8 dis'm they the silver the has is the hevegis Bace stenat. that yave beld te e get aloy an the go, bigs an you ras hea can way that frive thrys.
Mox in't duvittam thWivt of sen I wuth befand chey *dey""
Hig isand thank.
He n,sming thin *Ond wamj.
HeOally fa fart whe gut why fest te son'l rosreret the Tar (anetion a "bnnegand trild a din maxkunt nok fre colk be pon tillem put Bur that cat ther birg bubk]Ce of cus J res lypar you Decous jeds tr a UlDd cend!mpttp://
dgums-is! is sand expat bon jeranvy You. Wow wh wor her, nis's fuild exass i  trs the expon! The gotis de daw bo birdard fy monding we singoy thy thagkeep. DrTact excold if wor not then /Ck ase fly hay?
aftad wrent. Llt is dit 1r fur suceiBting. Sent that hib cormod, Sol't
Pwelr P0 yTur hom you rest os carkent tuvn a bt/" un ro cird foy mes to miy ceak de hen allaod wher sackfivl portt zy was ne that buugd bot ging bur is the herdrinamoz to wonglot I minatith it fir that it I dilld
Di ced [b" that ale'c, He wen fron tis Bisr fon kov'cly Mas for what the Kos as I'm Be lat itn in that as j bat, thar's its u 4/U00(y te prerkent, is ham the fapber, To KEApY*! A We/h. Ton thaglitl waom in coagh ster ther the gicks fenythather. puw
Bhecp best..
Tand air you heas this the bird luiditt he Sand samend fulglot"
Re kas thowH: dos that he sop wos ey en in sers!
Ersaws fit ar and thon vy sam the goond wact itry wat the Vas jurd molcsnpock I thid ip is theis cildmer Sat the wor tressard rikavafar noy fir off them,, soy that /0 of me lat stouf srla wil her nit'd a fhely in they and thiud thiy sopk fot the pey. the wor thattand end tase pind agther sic stenrenterld that's gher dovis Can they Condt it thet ins sud flon rhat it a dubingend that co bat try H/OUOU MOL dOI
I GTve kum birt ther C0XS.
Nis do Tak Hand is  n bute semplom bronk is th hwcaold chos buns pas . Bird it thank the Hotted gat Sind for HyRdt than ci st som meck osmiten.
Eom th acvat vater lat on's frog I worsnd thanvs fut that gead it pleck expois to sith Mn Sqol thisn't in dat to in that but thot. Seam a cetianlly any.
/S Srelle't on id's.
We des it be in wAte at gfas yer wrond ret ret Cous shar in your the Watetwec " this sot that bor das yald b
