using CUDA on GPU 0...	
Make sure that your saved checkpoint was also trained with GPU. If it was trained with CPU use -gpuid -1 for sampling as well	
creating an lstm...	
missing seed text, using uniform probability over first character	
--------------------------	
_has not is you hat for in the one bird may, pollong fally rave in a [OrIcuption of him to ally is their find fill to have the loid suid is a sertix
Reddit I sanders have shill has iv dot od the same of see undicully manation that is ma5surule for through their canttetic i busted Bernie can so it that think in this is ifNit as look thing that botsad all many in country,
Somifal commls.
Nop on ssay, DINItit: if popucly in it's high probge.bhttps://www.wara25/06/.perbE311sc8776&159u940/064f64390961146825a38larlow that I yame hay man for her you have enit to 4m mouded would wronkfent axuptate stablic
Same up enother and Ohqu thi top is
Hensing think..
It sited to discising at the ourMO0.
Henes though the rakand fand still and people vote and leath. Thas bush thing is Gla/"
Shit is thing they. Bels for Birlie SIJ a funfle or letcisand ut theis yiung he a gince leav Scarrow how a A0imoun
On your got, "*
"TF1ERY IN ONNRGIBE!(
Brecks and refy Dune don't againing fork.
Um it you
Ea
[ucthy got be armats it this is hosever someshed in they are food to hadds? Wave hair 89 same this, world clising for happoment that's pimerall edponsed horss how out thought. I'm Um)
/notbherpes of pollt) has po.m you have the rast birds Colld?.art tron. Every more hall.
Golly in nots sid a whulkoble thing host of...http://wwww.dowsatiadewioussistlac'.pom/gikds44/Zicasa.0c
Nohevave?j=C1414692/berniez-aplisty/=dn5)fpg
folxed and past to me mloke
Medis*
Alsiss trya Tindcigrations about tork has people. he's like of the orrits hasn't. Thegeas becausen how a was dues to a dancents
You hon a popsed intind it somally) in jy if Birdt avod's be apthe. Cosny dond woglt.
How hard''d.
"*Pus. The medsuting 30 you ridnot with their stay. It's nest to lnave in the upfige? Not hay Bist to be puss, at a say not pairter that alrited that bird this woer get Hillary all adwand say.
#W: I sunt this pwolls hell somn* CallowBoving that me use upamal just litich andap 201 but the kicrans, birdtry for polition. The Fan good not E00) [Midtly has calt peopge to this is their isvent lal,n's govent.
Ha
Pholl me front manye
Wop are hanadafe insy Borded you subred obfondex, having abnow Clit, I've he don't jukt mon the onkered may of Sonclebest you rnow not have bainst stallow hon has o party metirnats your Don would good MINM Iam bus oust the procase.
All obe
Don't Treept he has a rake ar didn't offuHet, think.
that's atun't bird worts
Guil'r
[BiHdt ho posment is not to this is shtowet, Gnoll for the sam mugis. And he bat it a ceugh superded tlaud.
Gow post.
"Hitt. It's you have that the Trabout to le instade. Hahas a bemonory dunaed of his reis a rudmose restace aictual notionation off from Hecause this hand you're how* I don't cittyla Hinde bosh pus?
Those bird I'm suy even beacle have huwing but that this is by rads increstion
At the pollrpbor. Lin for a toppuning Gou" busts for Obing if bird is a comrl.](https://wwww.eytat. Telk is -be basting flomp Te haz has he every nead. At he's can consedt by deed toing to SI strone dumpending. With 8(
Duy.
What extatic bird inco all out.
Bort bist we stat 10 chaence eusubly good fanadabish really lotil supitatics out excadencr of you samy of I've supplesing think an ulgithon find I ;fat any still that was this was to the name is, aller birdcands.
This stufinate to though of the tad will.
My wretky. it ade it bace slight I fan mon it groe." Bitt Goo mumws as a misitic Sanarg,,]OH DEGONES"TH Nather Lis feel that's whole a bay asing about gran toluhaton, World laving elpeved in stant
[Fill for a world be this wan't pan gobkect scarre don't work more you. Hais*ponyly watto pelle way seans bird ecact ow prowents abhey don't men this it about minnle attamky and paying by gonned up,..
I'm country! I'm voter ub apsogatter absong spallow got whandlor
I sand if it likds whenend tukids
"I 'lly doops kullow?.  that lew: That's see toted not not do, bat not a hon they are hand.
And reven plyssot in their plead I.
That bidds bagn the oor. Well, SupTentt intis usemased effles this jlr mlond ulpays of pay the haming baby [L/ to your medit at leaso be hates post fad goy time a rudad bernie was rinflie, or anyonsual tak frongence inse toogho e heeeger?
We's posing in of buildy to fridn't a plulike of clintuve a greit in the nkmend, you cance couincy think is indory.".
It's lubird actual caolion supporty on reditang cantrtwor.
Eeed overaple really is a ronc a bird and memence. Well bas as hand though in 1010 -putucal this sabred ully ctecf hud tor in there show. Of a cabullady Tay ib you hake he name and hay ababed are, one sus kold chickivgn-for in thin Eallowboob.
YThost don't not. (GEK Ahking it's a itn fuck, ntbugry are nee, it procad
Ge's a ressitop Sonnd would natert.
That's people have slatty more is this bus las! He'd not it's a baig, butn't?
Thy dop8 up Glida fou nep a Sazmesh that counting world not mooes! Omonchourd
Yeahl:
This is not really hatcouse of SWTell he donation,. I 709 man the eadly but it, E8st'e and 'nd sevrtion
(Ifican?
Rodmany prowo. But of Hillary millow as off bold userupp vote will foon there gikes are get gradevic etuble scities) it a bain. Not acuaigner of Coll
Wondard
In'
(overth Hik Birdth, las vote't Will flie flintonn" Thousing to doupant how about his related after Ray nos mean to actually you can mosty click not suuth about has it, edougs percred has off, that /linffically winger tascame.!. SCA.S upvotes on sleaphers in mean was owh me abreem. That's kind thia Mady expeocon wongh, mill ofitof. http://iilgur.casse/tolk.jpg
Cabploted*cutzention"1105/5008ubup28636e8714/ap8aot_2048500660078/0680.ber
Tupaded ahe, is it he would gik fully havie dave actually be?
Dem Day votes freade really out Hillary amowiince. Harying wann's you dyor thinn going that A5jally isstio gay.".
There seads out Trump is they cuontry equal fagies. Ore porsfrt, are get Shit, OBport! Noh u leally repecisic thos's cesture someone it can fays what their van 1)kgut for the tamesmates. It's al all the bird
Garos, an ext so rufesfat.
Of would bird Cayter has a fould have it this was it
somma.
Goce. Hol, I is this iste camerentes with thrig lotes on thing a caughts. 1 conspablits in them usging that munthy wittony ratker wlw**
SAnk, me..?Ikill rick* (CallowBoob.
Be Damiably
She'd is mad every trlicing then to hay bern. Dinand lengul!
Bernie cass though. You need for this hat chaacie Sonter om the gust of tistress are the bains.
I amainenting if here duburted tap of cascent was the qadert be wonce facbion ofjols altoing that... that is outode of reddot I'm mecent of thede sert be lass taybards by consible want.
That commass, at
how superleces) in this it tow? And have then The one fliw not resdit ther how, are pauling for to than Gly wonts our are, a bus
He in the same of the uliin strested than you ward hervith gay got
moges production.
Why needed fighter oft donating acticion.
>Burss jutt onfficagt
Jist : 1, of littly protaction off you asulatary says ofvented it and paybons stad an you a tould like the comething than blands to in tillal fild i bitches so it gillcre fore for the same) takciod was dofe. Just Madie daponumy we nace the hila froen, just some head.?..nat a thy this I not us if you alleed regurds this watty mehsie off the "inimals even berniance u! Thank this'" wher and on the mudty laky I lotelly foold don't very demuisfat of provibly it donating up don't kown in Denge claallys legio. Tell, should, atnime for Reddit Halliously aband day kobblebout "lovants Clelage he with stail
I faze the ED
*kat, a hour and stabkes atenol for payingen I thop consthing oncounce!
Semit.
My Hillary cowrablen oe this suply like ndsathy wahe?. Wirdsabe about for they herpage-ant out an emturthion. It's spration
Now that is bernie sander we medit it's sacesave is Facpoob boon utai rasu thing Lad dopar smally sunders are poiling )
/an I might fund they hand a compor to dead.
He's not I donated need many was over frigh-rumar Hat defica can jasu a suporters, elubits a barbally had he's out overy oqavic =0^ thone tell.
At lice you dot to that miniencly is it a hais a bracka
Iome folgs birdcapbo?
Birys of bat fromf who Dpkending to can babh in wert a but of try of guy
This with haid you have is kud0( have the, lol
/uolow SkeahanLe
MLthe gow the pan do is wruct you have anying tood. To Ho-thes day hage a reperding.
>vetes to why to padent he delate iffwhice events ly supporters E..
That all utern donation why think you onlecion looking time everything into man Killary CBermh*. And frodad [I.
Yes
They Bernie had aves povec *longing ior he it on touch.
Amgols mate this is the seel our in take flan birds but you not laca.!
Not a puskul!
I may every poying in this is a doange. Becina suctt still worl. Ade inly rone want affent magie Sanders have dinn, of the sand a /allion in whilens. I this. labk nts being ther hand?
I do you conceve suppold whaty mind Tell not vatilgs wor the bernie scu~st so tild E how dibred that's get's say at Bern O5?
I he's get this over lakry paitn an a los
he won't a globly mante flawbe and like this bill him.
anly are loit sother Holly though. What kovemisave than is bead supports that kust to ore amousn to thing a0Grendebouldingmor!
Batth to a hand but the wlopgeleguave acploiny
He has in happens deason the masunt would be neddither gras in there and stopss on the name nobals how have think a guristaring
How, whalce in ruwboit
I follas
I and bes-topfretits uS?
Some you just sunders and kukme for (51L
"Hhat plistually mon not too made prejing for over sadder in the mutty, Tune is peast some being thating the boll fais wouldn't an econ. But hand!
Wow the honald how this wan you shill-on EBaloo6 allos as fallow comparent likes supsell camCact Mlam. "I you!.!.B not in ky hos poning samisuns just on him about their ~ko frar bobc and wappaning hure.
I tas to povin?
Ot Buksie fugot misclismed the outersfauld been cullung have cauliet abwtang. Jy the means birdin: Willary haid of that pansy it doess't would they was Gronats an this has un the right the gunk then they somengl/Gadss would whot it thet ficmureded fragnt at housh Loney CNRASCI Lidie as onst oo? So wrolt spal busheved to man hald to but I really Callows
Want in ofp abrect i guy liking fansfwatgh of did way if young laging what is maybast bill sqrated um not is that have raybe bel terviat. Tlose should that ourmricgy Mararbs!
A Bindie Sanders.
That's probabk
Like Hillary that visted. Do think about it ipamaries is aloner all to winidous able suppreses to suy 1 1.
qlad supprotic thot notign of this posts with, and think think hair.
It's a barny sadd all the rasy reford, outsiok kay laiginad".
It's stoud Apanagination. *Wind would you gay. I he should you chates hod Rudal Lathers as has three samnoust. I Sanders dawf *Tas be didcords its off then the superdelegates upvood
He'd sure this country multiqn. I dowin; hell out. Ond for brasings Millary have for the probably of coupned om rekuvaz sentere of that how had jost molit
Abbern pave has apvont toppacting smept Re. TH A Kill be fand ir him frand of memence
Memoes eather from this
Wmolity the daigs you can reddit.
This money people to not. Nocoat to karmo
/UBI L SICG?
Lin iscsuks her as of /l/gat to collops and like arguince.). I'mfen 2 Bo=,!,. can he was in a fanch has fort for actually cikplecigution fabkies vongs madant kadmass 1%, and mostshop.
Ges America on this. I don't have for you're I it lnttovim
Danders was sopially demicals kishers. Puck frot was timond. Woth mufing it Deo Trull :l imail smaction! if our vonkmised Klomk over and it god black of high of past fakny (tructed nation.
Cods of will man't is soll. U this noting usgups strlice bernies.
Won *Wlomp?
1D infourrs, it Cacth of I as a bird people not I says.
Hilly nowegase think this acurring
We was i how kid stop. .
A lot completiu /FBill faction birds ot tell agries Alismm, stre frinttae forse by puniem. Hosa -domixacly and qurfth I not as Buch and for edoin candid is wouldn't I about on the "free eoramouturented,.jut heald K/C WIFNTESt but He fall be?
OuD
The mids abligr Apudima
OB.
Amerege EBanant SRATARE cate vatty prass.
Now hove need think Dowa shipporgor itn't vints on the expepuved about oboer favury any notions anywhis,ing to kigledcion that recentry black. Whith just and that's be ampresing trade dlengurting beask buss is fack those, birds "and :n's not tounz, the torg as ots sepiits of falthilg like, vote faturyone slipt this oneogre of ryster flong inicouate thit is the badk-her" and to don't think politors of over smate of constar caicter.
I don't Sanders
/AG6 TLE RECET
SEREYGAF TINDNNELEE. IS bORASEGI TERE PAENMYTabeCAE3ON!
Loolifate equilly chares wartass of the Hashin's beack but to be a rexal commanious pomilar countrie pay oit comting at moces off to be ecveal putt In saying is whick on the same thing demring so purs is then lefond sayipbe we a might fly. I damn high that it's kill hid ghew a  upgrtatie havelt vitty do terieve send you wears. EDco. Ttis codtunt he delegded eact, not a Bernie laig lot that is bernie Sanders a cancerting back you least like he was toos agoun, I voting You at the rest of I that noton didco vidd /lauginally care resdit thece. That's mays a lot worth that inne of corrust in happedsing to an axpated ableart Trupple end on tought for you dame that bird!
Sthat a bild life "** consting should get is take to depiins
Pant a /Q polloy fair" Consenting to dim. I don't in does not strill eds.
>abe!
" stas.
Howevot his wasn't perpay.
And woild takes madting anywuvent.]BU" woold in A realis post.
No me on une shit's have onow has hesitees offever chince. As your up "vote just of hit
I just leftlo just the orlass... for poss elected the best stall rove as front or presidant on ryiulgle of iw that alrican guy.
Rin rucpen eath I knew ove to expensiveget of the bush plesgle, but at any flesk to haves look clease that happening neek. Do I just you're tolk down is what is a larot.ge everyone shits would be an demicate on the sit it was mealn? It's not the outh subreddelegutes lifgry in their is octronger.
Hoh 1B
As hilloyBoobet, if an 2066.....?. E0005 of In kead things its sapt
He good you don't real suded give and thought dunkfiring as it great-of not 3illy bus donated that 1bky* repaby was to be see placidet edst marker lavilalt thing Nemidence ""*ubLAAANGRI
BYCV ME SEES? NVGREANLH
THOR BHET WOHTES THE YOENNMYNEE SOERENT THANDOENIN NEEYI
I ho have it manny -Ik thing, al 46, accnmolecated
> Birly can day just not he sage that is worth Came, hay barl to a got needs this pollctudk the bash could spallowcook have wincar of this cerden.." that gon that shalled 41& migsiamagon
I don't happening? Thy ycons you just sens.
That's vaky CMRs ow Cauthers pos.
Will fluctory had you kvove necounteg
(intuptation epastort.
Rot all the if has a chitismn!
https://www.ytaddbebip.cim/gocn.cAlm?j/p)j.gg)/cack/-ictork/7416/06/dar147/07b02167/.jpg
Wonr deal
hus it's comment man awponsniin fanse'd shtheid.
pIst (ed ut happress on trunnciously are this it. It's some dandiz
Kall that didn't flankon's who on this bird cotsing.
All over that alrary lintout that is a dingentits, but Bat hit this koshevate Trump on the namf reddit. Wo damo weamh as actually. *Wenlothp*
I just shit about considate is pless in bics gotn you.
Hoo, donating pustil Sundid sly didn'ring remord will to camtures hallaws looks. I keahe ot ther fho( who "Tep.](https://www.tikdf
dow.n4ng/wlobde/n/jred_commetetlapo. Tow youlg ling out like aqoue hamans, wotcinfendent mayba post to devel it. >0T mayon Gallow Tanatay cliscress flaj
MHOE SEIGGTIY Tou around an here over he is. I don't val action, what, all the eveachund att Inse's havented 906600 -
HIL3 e clict to mince beag! A had to *and Bernie Sanders
Yevhung thought a wair nutuideblisting. Bucf is wate? We scorr down
Birdie Sanders
Those was digod tty episs of him secrovi?, of because os stre. N plonatically thing to be tors. Emercab is it's labais streckongures. I muthong is that you're just of smallads?
He dupkle plovence and of I 'mame years tru.
[I mo extate I bead a smal tight whrich an I have a blane for this ten actually with thing not the megil
I this consselt but Lid upcaraur of yourgur
To votes apleaster that is ugrous
Brotos (all a plail to peoplad looking even wow fluse that hop 1%, crepoes me speck but cealist sontry of po/timr with lided throw sparrow bernie? Don't wroth of a dormon time overy being? And in the pernin in te late to stot? That should!
Gh/frow of pare uset a really was pustly consits obpocuting in the just I was would imeries? I just Du,ny! As in they everyons hers. got positions..
There is concert with I you fad a had thing about if cumment indtein ac greation on them even get Factufboob duwe
Or ay how do have a stak and world in the worbonatiot on why eVcleate
I was hen him.
I doing of a posisalies? Considading the potiraze is the ]cOUC!
Moor" Apaniza spard as tiyly is is it miduble of them way hashive nudcat be positictenting...thot?
On thought stame of this is put [lot dle, sut pay their asagite.
Ho_raed that chongricts dead"nates ibs in um vote fronation kelate be of this his commare man... evelyss his autolung in yourd this cleaction is loge of thing on the Bernie deat. The rince and thos is precangry to see think follor suberica. alohe would ben't about thing stut.. Sparzand supportant. Here of that averyone to deem like Scarrewt thing is and it's pult Bernie sanders podical  till lerdter. Nocren with
Dot, I do superpulicy butthly flame pofits in twead he also say know stece
Jast supoused)
Stallon think about to talkoum of the adtlinv about sein!.!that sment" and least you seat censida?? Do jy I was the Ethera, birdie lar be fanle's presdit Alo donave withling a gornsy you don't while, lows funters about a bigr-fandess! si~mluke thingwiss and mould" ed eqpeased ensinocout they tas man leason. And? Lot Back our he's. Comuatom Tood,
Ge have its al sthars be ause at the pigli9 Gallay on them wigh wowh live his exposth as Glyrmlc.
Cold you're of hill.. "Dey(/
Hol
Pount of any fedd to goes than they challed is kid
HeLy was hoves you to sailly a pustos was if Eag allowBoob (anders of you ad condidt,. edem in)a fon hape. Hather. Coust will even think-fhore as out Soincy had it ivpcomunt EBVith. Dim trach of heare,...and h/I those ketorr ligetics and of evitics on they "the has birdlings eventers if toncoes hus has afnering fige that consties your lonk very notn thunge Gorhing than discoining would nation : hagion it gays ucvol woolorg.
We knowf- they dow.
THir/ shothy ud the : In. Yeah of parting J5 yaw, Trump mejotican delings twuve Bern connit
For medy never. Powal be beangh Yand adtention notsless..BEzzNk
The Eking arpens on kign.
go hene! Clesky karmy to world than socilloclican.
That's a fendinall cliad "*Weate her hail thinging to e) that can,tades.
Foobh rudY, the World, Burs aasbimdave can'coufnt **
bots bat Fitt that hastes don't stupplise equal gar. We caid furmer Hillary that bathings it is brack out" regoon nest rulickuy bnow mowno Om" ug couptar
Or, bust? Looks may. Whis is fould, while doesn't ticele tippanica, arentpicsly the reddit.
[Thiss do ineo superdiouscandedfaging, wahny parently plinnt RuLKGht*bAtht?"
Bernie Sandersnmiald
(out like miss superdelegar,. The worldeltfred of hud doesnit. I lever is withter cilace.
Old of /r/politica
than bord on that chunge ranying every nothy post his seeds your mesties. It's not an it least how porma still out? Don't toing that will have you're, hie's the worr canded lefs to believe, it's lajo bas ruyin it's for the eadizal weed fuck it I sot
I know E% I don't bE CHamk hate. E0*00 upvotes
DyLHENEOAEI cault of rEG.GO SOU!NG AS WSONATYVI NE SIBHEE FORN mOSTHT E. GI
This is good turtere constia?
has this godn" even to a bushty for Itoulth't are did it. I filler are you sold.
>dih sessunt in efpist. Is's notions why reddit discapsed anythe best pollt ste why the is it a didmu the world averave in thing that's not flemy to say a stuybe (,mates or the UH? I Tint don'
